The internal frame backpack is a recent innovation , invented in 1967 by greg lowe , who went on to found lowe alpine and lowepro , companies specializing in backpacks and other forms of carrying bags for various equipment .
Johnson is a town in lamoille county , vermont , united states .
The population was 3,274 at the 2000 census .
Johnson is home of johnson state college , a part the vermont state colleges system .
The vermont studio center is located in the village of johnson , a part of the town .
Abraham lincoln was shot by john wilkes booth on april 14 , 1865 .
He was shot at ford 's theatre , which is located in washington d.c the following day , april 15th , he died .
The principle in classical mechanics that e mv was first developed by gottfried leibniz and johann bernoulli , who described kinetic energy as the living force , vis viva .
Willem 's gravesande of the netherlands provided experimental evidence of this relationship .
Disposable plates , which are often made from paper pulp , were invented in 1904 .
Also melamine resin or tempered glass such as corelle can be used .
The test is offered by the college board .
Approximately 2,900 colleges and universities will grant college credits for each test .
Both u.s and international schools grant clep credit .
Most of the tests are 90 minutes long .
They currently cost $ 80 each .
Mora is a city in and the county seat of kanabec county in the central part of the u.s state of minnesota .
It is located at the junction of minnesota state highways 23 and 65 .
Their dna is organized into a true nucleus surrounded by a nuclear envelope which consists of two bilayer membranes .
The nucleus of eukaryotic cells contains the genetic material which chemically directs all of the cells activities .
The inner layer of a turtle 's shell is made up of about 60 bones that include portions of the backbone and the ribs , meaning the turtle cannot crawl out of its shell .
Carbohydrates are the body s main source of fuel .
Carbohydrates are easily used by the body for energy .
All of the tissues and cells in our body can use glucose for energy .
Carbohydrates are needed for the central nervous system , the kidneys , the brain , the muscles ( including the heart ) to function properly .
That is , not until the italian physicist alessandro volta came along .
In 1800 , volta created the first modern day battery when he built what came to be known as his voltaic pile .
The purple and turquoise suicide prevention ribbon symbolizes suicide awareness and prevention and serves as a reminder that suicide is an issue we need to talk about .
Download a ribbon avatar and make it your profile picture on facebook and twitter during national suicide prevention week .
Albert wendt onz cnzm ( born 1939 ) is a samoan poet and writer who also lives in new zealand .
Among his works is leaves of the banyan tree ( 1979 ) .
It starred penny marshall as laverne de fazio and cindy williams as shirley feeney , single roommates who worked as bottlecappers in a fictitious milwaukee brewery called shotz brewery .
Generally , nimh batteries that are properly cared for ( charged and used often , stored in a cool , dry place , and not dropped ) will last for 500 1000 charges or approximately two to three years .
Remember , the more you use and charge nimh , the longer they will last .
Thus , for a class c address with 8 bits available in the host field , the number of hosts is 254 .
A normal adult mouth has 32 teeth , which ( except for wisdom teeth ) have erupted by about age 13 : incisors ( 8 total ) : the middlemost four teeth on the upper and lower jaws .
Staatsburg is a hamlet ( and census-designated place ) in dutchess county , new york , united states .
The population was 377 at the 2010 census .
It took six grueling hours navigating the 30 - odd - mile ship channel to dock , guided by at least four towboats .
Nearly 900 feet in length , it was the largest cruise ship ever to dock at mobile .
A googol is the large number 10100 that is , the digit 1 followed by 100 zeroes : .
Life expectancy of a skunk in the wild is two to three years .
In captivity , skunks can live up to ten years .
Mortality factors include disease , accidents ( especially road and highway deaths ) , starvation , and trapping .
In 1521 , portuguese explorer ferdinand magellan arrived in the philippines and claimed the islands for spain .
Colonization began when spanish explorer miguel lpez de legazpi arrived from mexico in 1565 and formed the first hispanic settlements in cebu .
A variant of bo is the swedish bosse .
Bo is uncommon as a surname .
Bo is also short for several names , including robert , beaufort , beauregard , bonita or bonnie .
Initially a dominion , pakistan adopted a new constitution in 1956 , becoming an islamic republic .
A civil war in 1971 resulted in the secession of east pakistan as the new country of bangladesh .
Emerging in sumer in the late 4th millennium b.c.e ( the uruk iv period ) , cuneiform writing began as a system of pictographs .
The largest land mammals in the world , elephants , naturally , have equally large home ranges .
African forest elephant can range more than 772 square miles , and asian elephants can occupy a territory of up to 40 square miles .
The practice of decorating jack - o - lanterns the name comes from an irish folktale about a man named stingy jackoriginated in ireland , where large turnips and potatoes served as an early canvas .
Some historians believe he was born on 22 january 1552 , although the oxford dictionary of national biography currently favours a date of 1554 .
The pectoral girdle or shoulder girdle is the set of bones which connects the upper limb to the axial skeleton on each side .
It consists of the clavicle and scapula in humans and , in those species with three bones in the pectoral girdle , the coracoid .
Natalee holloway disappeared in aruba on may 30 , 2005 .
The 18 - year - old was last seen leaving a bar early that morning with a young dutchman , joran van der sloot .
Average environmental inspector salaries .
The average salary for environmental inspector jobs is $ 49,000 .
Average environmental inspector salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The average cost for a strut shock absorber replacement - front is between $ 315 to $ 507 .
Labor costs are estimated between $ 160 to $ 203 while parts are priced between $ 155 to $ 304 .
Get a personalized estimate based on your location and specific car .
Average apartment manager salaries .
The average salary for apartment manager jobs is $ 36,000 .
Average apartment manager salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Allscripts , founded in 1986 , is headquartered in chicago , illinois , with additional key operations located in raleigh .
North carolina .
The ritty model i was invented in 1879 after seeing a tool that counted the revolutions of the propeller on a steamship .
With the help of james ' brother john ritty , they patented it in 1883 .
Titanium metal is used for alloys with with aluminium , molybdenum , manganese , iron , and other metals .
These alloys of titanium are used principally in the aerospace industry , for both airframes and engines , where lightweight strength and ability to withstand extremes of temperature are important .
The breathtaking inca city of machu picchu was built atop the andes mountains in peru .
The cell was first discovered by robert hooke in 1665 , which can be found to be described in his book micrographia .
In this book , he gave 60 observations in detail of various objects under a coarse , compound microscope .
The park operated under the name six gun territory from 1972 .
After closure , announced in april 1976 , the park sat vacant until the land was cleared for a large shopping mall known as willow grove park mall , which opened in august 1982 .
Light beer is even lower in calories , with most varieties ( including the highly marketed michelob ultra and flavored beers such as bud light lime ) ranging from 95 to 110 calories and 3.2 to 8 grams of carbs per 12 ounces .
Beer bar startup costs range from about $ 20,000 to $ 100,000 , depending on size and location .
The revenue potential depends on the geographical location and drinking trends in the community .
Salmonella is commonly found in raw food products that come from animals , such as eggs , egg products , meat , meat products , unpasteurized milk , or other unpasteurized dairy products .
Thorough cooking and processing effectively kills salmonella bacteria .
Silverton mountain is located in san juan county , just six miles from the historic mining town of silverton , colorado .
The ski area is best known for adventure , powder and steep terrain .
A : prednisone is a corticosteroid medication which is used to treat various inflammatory conditions including temporary use for relief of allergic reactions .
Side effects associated with short term use of prednisone include insomnia , stomach upset , mood changes , increased appetite , and weight gain .
An estimate from 2007 reported that more than 15,000 federal lobbyists were based in washington , dc another estimate from 2011 suggested that the count of registered lobbyists who have actually lobbied was closer to 12,000 .
Jacob anderson ( born 18 june 1990 ) , also known by his stage name raleigh ritchie , is a british actor and singer best known for his role as omen in the film adulthood and as grey worm in the television series game of thrones .
For example , the irs states that you must retain your tax returns and all supporting documents including bank statements for a minimum of three years , which is generally how long they have to audit a tax return .
As of 27 march 2012 , japan had only one out of 54 nuclear reactors operating the tomari-3 , after the kashiwazaki-kariwa 6 was shut down .
The standard placement of an eye chart is to be 20 feet away from the viewer .
As most doctor s offices are smaller than that distance , many eye doctors utilize a mirror set up to simulate a distance of 20 feet .
The chart in this case actually hangs behind the patient .
The united states fifty - dollar bill ( $ 50 ) is a denomination of united states currency .
The 18th u.s president ( 1869 77 ) , ulysses s grant , is featured on the obverse , while the u.s capitol is featured on the reverse .
The united states postal services reports that as of january 2011 , it takes an average of one to three days for first - class mail to arrive at its destination .
Priority mail takes an average of one to two days to arrive , according to the usps .
Located in central florida , it is the center of the orlando metropolitan area , which had a population of 2,134,411 at the 2010 census , making it the 26th largest metropolitan area in the united states , the sixth largest metropolitan area in the southern united states , and the third largest metropolitan area in the state of florida .
The university of alabama in tuscaloosa is the largest university in the state with 36,155 enrolled for fall 2014 .
Calhoun community college in decatur is the largest two - year college , with an enrollment of 12,134 .
Riverhead , new york , located on eastern long island , contains a neighborhood known as polish town , where many polish immigrants have continued to settle since the world war ii era the town has polish architecture , stores , and st isidore 's r.c.
However , baby grand pianos are not as expensive as the normal grand pianos , which is why a large number of people opt to purchase a baby grand .
The price range of baby grand pianos is from $ 8000 to a maximum of $ 20,000 .
The concept for which pavlov is famous is the conditioned reflex ( or in his own words the conditional reflex ) he developed jointly with his assistant ivan filippovitch tolochinov in 1901 .
The typical salary for a cbre transaction coordinator ranges from $ 36,851 - $ 54,329 , with an average salary of $ 47,077 .
Salaries estimates based on 5 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by cbre transaction coordinator employees .
Salaries by job .
Salaries by company .
Anywhere from two to eight sideboys can be placed this depends on the officer 's rank or paygrade .
The president rates the maximum number of sideboys ( 8 ) , as does the vice president and the chief of naval operations .
Most veggie burgers weigh 2.5 ounces , or 71 grams , and have 70 to 170 calories each .
A standard meat portion , in contrast , is three ounces after cooking .
In the 1960s television series , thingstrictly speaking , a disembodied forearm , since he occasionally emerged from his box at near - elbow lengthwas usually played by ted cassidy , who also played the lugubrious butler lurch , although the two characters occasionally appeared in the same scene ( in which case thing would be played by a crew member , notably assistant director jack voglin ) .
Colchis was located on the eastern coast of the black sea , centered on present - day western georgia .
Of the nearly 2 million inmates being held in prisons and jails across the country , experts believe nearly 500,000 are mentally ill .
In providing the voice of the minions , coffin uses words from languages including french , english , spanish and italian .
There are a lot of food references , renaud added .
The sauce itself does not contain any lobster , and may vary in preparation method from place to place or restaurant to restaurant .
However , it will typically contain chicken broth , garlic , ginger , fermented black beans , and eggs , and is thickened with cornstarch .
Some recipes incorporate ground pork and soy sauce .
South dakota tax rates .
The south dakota ( sd ) state sales tax rate is currently 4.0 .
Depending on local municipalities , the total tax rate can be as high as 6 .
Pebble beach has eight public and private 18 - hole golf courses .
Pebble beach golf links , the links at spanish bay , spyglass hill and peter hay golf course are owned by pebble beach company and are all public courses .
The ulnar collateral ligament ( ucl or internal lateral ligament ) is a thick triangular band at the medial aspect of the elbow uniting the distal aspect of the humerus to the proximal aspect of the ulna .
Berwick brk is a suburb in melbourne , victoria , australia , 41 kilometres ( 25 mi ) south - east of melbourne 's central business district .
Its local government area is the city of casey .
At the 2011 census , berwick had a population of 44,779 .
Three rivers is a census designated place ( cdp ) in tulare county , california , united states .
The population was 2,182 at the 2010 census , down from 2,248 at the 2000 census .
The town 's name comes from its location near the junction of the north , middle , and south forks of the kaweah river .
Tuxedo in the context of menswear originated in the us around 1888 .
It was named after tuxedo park , a hudson valley enclave for new york s social elite where it was often seen in its early years .
Voyager 1 was 11.3 billion miles ( 18.3 billion kilometers , or 122 astronomical units ) away from the sun at that time .
It was 11.3 billion miles ( 18.2 billion kilometers , or 121 astronomical units ) from earth .
The united states of america ( usa ) , commonly referred to as the united states ( u.s ) or america , is a federal republic consisting of 50 states and a federal district .
It was time once again for intercolonial action .
Thus , on september 1774 , the first continental congress was convened in philadelphia .
The human skeleton is the internal framework of the body .
It is composed of 270 bones at birth this total decreases to 206 bones by adulthood after some bones have fused together .
The bone mass in the skeleton reaches maximum density around age 30 .
Density is a measure of mass per volume .
The average density of an object equals its total mass divided by its total volume .
An object made from a comparatively dense material ( such as iron ) will have less volume than an object of equal mass made from some less dense substance ( such as water ) .
For commercial purposes , it is derived primarily from gelidium amansii .
In chemical terms , agar is a polymer made up of subunits of the sugar galactose .
The dating of cremated remains found on the site indicate that deposits contain human bone from as early as 3000 bc , when the ditch and bank were first dug .
Such deposits continued at stonehenge for at least another 500 years .
As stated , one radian is equal to 180 degrees .
Thus , to convert from radians to degrees , multiply by 180 .
Los angelesstage and screen actor james macarthur , who played danno in the original version of television 's hawaii five - o , died thursday at age 72 .
Amethyst may exhibit one or both secondary hues , red and blue .
The best varieties of amethysts can be found in siberia , sri lanka , brazil and the far east .
( my response ) maribeth monroe , who plays the boss alice murphy on the comedy central show workaholics , appeared in a recent ad for applebees .
On average , the temperature on mars is about minus 80 degrees f ( minus 60 degrees c ) .
In winter , near the poles temperatures can get down to minus 195 degrees f ( minus 125 degrees c ) .
In 2009 , the company spun off wirelines in 14 states into a company that then merged with frontier communications in a deal valued at $ 8.6 billion .
Verizon also shed its telephone directory business in 2006 .
Missouri workers making minimum wage will see another small increase in their paychecks in 2014 as the state s rate increases by 15 cents to $ 7.50 an hour on jan 1 .
It will cost you $ 44.00 to get married in ohio .
Some ohio counties charge $ 65.00 .
The cost of receiving a marriage license varies from county to county and some ohio counties will only accept cash .
Bears are primarily found in the northern hemisphere , and with one exception , only in asia , north america and europe .
The single exception is the spectacled bear ( tremarctos ornatus ) native to south america it inhabits the andean region .
Burl icle ivanhoe ives ( june 14 , 1909 april 14 , 1995 ) was an american actor , writer , and folk singer .
As an actor , ives ' work included comedies , dramas , and voice work in theater , television , and motion pictures .
Effective july 1 , 2014 , the minimum wage in california is $ 9.00 per hour .
Effective january 1 , 2016 , the minimum wage in california is $ 10.00 per hour .
According to the u.s department of energy , 1.3 million gallons ( 4.9 million liters ) of petroleum are spilled into u.s waters from vessels and pipelines in a typical year .
A major oil spill could easily double that amount .
Asics ltd began as onitsuka co , ltd on september 1 , 1949 .
Its founder , kihachiro onitsuka , began manufacturing basketball shoes in his home town of kobe , hyogo prefecture , japan .
Friedrich gretsch manufactured banjos , tambourines , and drums until his death in 1895 .
In 1916 , his son , friedrich jr moved operations to brooklyn , new york where gretsch went on to become one of the most prominent manufacturers of american musical instruments .
The match points are scored on the cribbage board using the holes reserved for match points .
On a spiral board , these are often at the bottom of the board in a line with 5 or 7 holes .
Kingston jamaica was founded on this date in 1692 .
It is the capital and chief port of jamaica , an island nation in the west indies .
Kingston lies on the southeast coast of jamaica , at the northern end of a nearly landlocked harbor .
Correlation of the measurements taken radiographically and by inclinometer demonstrated an almost linear correlation for measurements of the total lumbar range of motion ( r 0.97 p 0.001 ) and flexion ( r 0.98 p 0.001 ) , whereas extension ( r 0.75 p 0.001 ) did not correlate as well .
Notable animals in the arctic tundra include caribou ( reindeer ) , musk ox , arctic hare , arctic fox , snowy owl , lemmings , and polar bears ( only near ocean - fed bodies of water ) .
Griffin is a city in and the county seat of spalding county in the u.s state of georgia .
It is part of the atlanta metropolitan area .
As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 23,643 .
Written while irving was living abroad in birmingham , england , the legend of sleepy hollow was first published in 1820 .
A national football league ref can make anywhere from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , although since most of the games are on sundays , they can also have other jobs during the week .
( we'll get to those in a minute .
It is the shortest month and the only month with fewer than 30 days .
The month has 28 days in common years or 29 days in leap years .
Peel remaining stem and cut crosswise into 1 2 - inch - thick slices .
Cut broccoli into 2 - inch florets .
In a steamer set over boiling water steam broccoli , covered , until crisp - tender , 4 to 5 minutes .
Area code 407 is the area code centered principally on orlando , florida , but also including all of orange , osceola , and seminole counties , as well as small portions of volusia and lake counties .
The scarlet macaw can live up to 75 years in captivity , although a more typical lifespan is 40 to 50 years .
By weight , the average human adult male is approximately 60 water .
However , there can be considerable variation in body water percentage based on a number of factors like age , health , weight , and sex .
Jamaica became an independent commonwealth realm on 6 august 1962 with alexander bustamante as the first prime minister .
Bustamante had previously been chief minister of jamaica .
One parsec is the distance at which one astronomical unit subtends an angle of one arcsecond .
A parsec is equal to about 3.26 light-years ( 31 trillion kilometres or 19 trillion miles ) in length .
Davy jones , the british invasion - era singer who became a household heartthrob as a member of the monkees , has died in florida .
A site - to - site vpn could use either internet protocol security protocol ( ipsec ) or generic routing encapsulation ( gre ) .
Gre provides the framework for how to package the passenger protocol for transport over the internet protocol ( ip ) .
Owen told anakin they were stepbrothers .
Owen later married beru whitesun .
As a jedi knight , anakin secretly married padm amidala , who gave birth to twins , luke and leia .
Dexter will be reuniting with a kindred spirit in season 8 , as yvonne strahovski is returning to the series as hannah mckay .
Range : green sea turtles are found around the world in warm subtropical and tropical ocean waters , and nesting occurs in over 80 different countries .
There are populations with different colorings and markings in the atlantic , indian and pacific oceans .
Although small quantities can be popped in a stove - top kettle or pot in a home kitchen , commercial sale of freshly popped popcorn employs specially designed popcorn machines , which were invented in chicago , illinois , by charles cretors in 1885 .
The new constitution declared a provision to end the slave trade after a 20 - year period .
Congress after an extensive debate did 20 years later passed the slave importation act ( 1807 ) .
The act became effective in 1808 and prohibited the further importation of slaves .
Horsepen is an unincorporated community in tazewell county , virginia , united states .
Horsepen is located along the west virginia state line 3.4 miles ( 5.5 km ) east - northeast of honaker .
How long will canned food keep? properly canned food stored in a cool , dry place will retain optimum eating quality for at least 1 year .
Fresh water is naturally occurring water on the earth 's surface in ice sheets , ice caps , glaciers , icebergs , bogs , ponds , lakes , rivers and streams , and underground as groundwater in aquifers and underground streams .
For the first five seasons , from 1976 to 1980 , the show was set in milwaukee ( executive producer thomas l miller ' s home town ) , taking place from roughly 1958 59 ( one early episode involves the girls ' three - year high school reunion of the fillmore high class of 1956 ) through the early 1960s .
The colorado river originates south of lubbock , on the llano estacado , near lamesa .
It flows generally southeast , out of the llano estacado and through the texas hill country , through several reservoirs including lake j.b thomas , e.v spence reservoir , and lake o.h ivie .
Locations of the filming in london include borough high street , borough market , portobello road , leicester square , piccadilly circus , mayfair , clapham junction , battersea park , bank station , st pauls london , colville gardens ( notting hill ) , and brick lane .
Becoming a licensed clinical social worker usually requires a master s degree in social work and a minimum of 2 years or 3,000 hours of supervised clinical experience after graduation .
After completing their supervised experience , clinical social workers must pass a clinical exam to be licensed .
Malling - hansen developed his typewriter further through the 1870s and 1880s and made many improvements , but the writing head remained the same .
On the first model of the writing ball from 1870 , the paper was attached to a cylinder inside a wooden box .
Pope benedict xvi will visit philadelphia in 2015 to host the vatican world meeting of families , he announced today as this year 's meeting wrapped up in milan .
Sharapova made her professional debut in 2001 on her 14th birthday on april 19 , and played her first wta tournament at the pacific life open in 2002 , winning a match before losing to monica seles .
Acute coronary syndrome ( acs ) and acute ischemic syndrome are terms often used to indicate unstable angina or even mi .
Acs is classified to code 411.1 and acute ischemic syndrome to code 411.89 per icd - 9 - cm coding directives .
Your treatment choices are : nonsurgical treatment with rest , ice , compression , elevation , and physical therapy .
This may include wearing a temporary knee brace .
Surgical repairsurgical repair to sew the tear together .
Partial meniscectomypartial meniscectomy , which is surgery to remove the torn section .
The time to pregnancy depends on a number of factors , including the fertility health of both partners , timing , and sometimes a little luck .
While the average couple takes about six months to conceive , many couples take as short as one cycle or longer than a year to get pregnant .
Federal district judges make $ 169,300 federal appeals court judges , $ 179,500 supreme court justices , $ 208,100 and the chief justice , $ 217,400 .
The show aired from 1993 to 2000 on abc , part of the network 's tgif lineup .
The entire series has since been released on dvd , as well as on itunes .
Usually the lender will promise to hold a certain interest rate and number of points for a given number of days , and to get these terms you must settle on the loan within that time period .
Lock - ins of 30 to 60 days are common .
Joseph spencer ( october 3 , 1714 january 13 , 1789 ) was an american lawyer , soldier , and statesman from connecticut .
During the revolutionary war , he served both as a delegate to the continental congress and as a major general in the continental army .
The melanin in the skin is produced by melanocytes , which are found in the basal layer of the epidermis .
The independent republic of kenya was formed in 1964 .
It was ruled as a de facto single-party state by the kenya african national union ( kanu ) , an alliance led by jomo kenyatta during 1963 to 1978 .
The typical salary for a fidelity investments senior software engineer developer ranges from $ 73,374 - $ 103,067 , with an average salary of $ 88,735 .
Salaries estimates based on 86 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by fidelity investments senior software engineer developer employees .
Salaries by job .
While it 's impossible to know exactly how much the family is worth , trust advisor puts the kardashian collective net worth at around $ 80 million .
Samuel adams was born in boston in the british colony of massachusetts on september 16 , 1722 , an old style date that is sometimes converted to the new style date of september 27 .
Lou ferrigno was born in brooklyn , new york , to victoria and matt ferrigno , a police lieutenant .
He is of italian descent .
In japanese , the character is voiced by rica matsumoto in english , he was voiced by veronica taylor from 1998 until 2006 and the eighth season of the anime series , replaced by sarah natochenny for the remainder of the anime and kayzie rogers in the mastermind of mirage pokmon television special .
In humans , genes vary in size from a few hundred dna bases to more than 2 million bases .
The human genome project has estimated that humans have between 20,000 and 25,000 genes .
As for harry , hewitt s announcement came as no surprise .
Prince charles , his real father , had beaten the soldier to the punch many years previously .
The average salary for chipotle jobs is $ 34,000 .
Average chipotle salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The education minnesota union holds a two - day conference in st paul in the third weekend of october .
Classes are cancelled for students at schools and colleges across minnesota , to give teachers the opportunity to attend the conference .
The film is loosely based on the experiences of tatum , who was an 18 - year - old stripper in tampa , florida .
Magic mike was filmed in los angeles and tampa .
Religion in greece , is dominated by greek orthodox church , which is within the larger communion of the eastern orthodox church .
It represents the majority of the population and is constitutionally recognised as the prevailing religion of greece .
The synthesis of proteins from rna is known as translation .
In eukaryotes , translation occurs in the cytoplasm , where the ribosomes are located .
Ribosomes are made of a small and large subunit that surround the mrna .
Common symptoms of bloating and excess gas include nausea , abdominal swelling , excessive belching , excessive flatulence , and cramping abdominal pain .
Additional symptoms that may occur with bloating and excess gas include diarrhea and constipation .
Seth macfarlane wrote , directed and starred in the film a million ways to die in the west shooting locations included jemez springs , shiprock and santa fe .
Sir robert mcclure was credited with the discovery of the northwest passage in 1851 when he looked across mcclure strait from banks island and viewed melville island .
However , this strait was not navigable to ships at that time .
Wisconsin is the dairy capital of the united states .
Wisconsin produces more milk than any other state .
Frank lloyd wright was born in richland center on june 8 , 1867 .
The national fresh water fishing hall of fame in hayward is shaped like a muskie .
Average arson investigator salaries .
The average salary for arson investigator jobs is $ 77,000 .
Average arson investigator salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Prostate cancer ( icd - 9 - cm code 185 ) occurs when cells within the prostate grow uncontrollably , creating small tumors .
Adenocarcinoma is the most common type ( 85 ) and arises from the glandular tissue within the prostate .
The united kingdom ( uk ) consists of england , wales , scotland ( which collectively make up great britain ) and northern ireland .
But if you dig down , the temperatures go up .
Once you reach the mantle the next layer of the earth the temperatures have risen from 200 c ( 392f ) to 400c ( 752f ) .
Mandel bruce mandy patinkin ( ptkn born november 30 , 1952 ) is an american actor , tenor , voice artist , and comedian .
Millie kentner , played by sarah hagan , is a secondary character in freaks and geeks who features in 12 episodes of the series .
The money magazine ranks bundchen , the world 's highest - paid model for a fifth consecutive year , and says her runway work and cover photos earned $ 45 million last year .
The average salary for certified protection professional jobs is $ 57,000 .
Average certified protection professional salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Woonona wnun is a northern suburb of wollongong , new south wales , australia , on the northern area of the illawarra coastal plain .
It is served by woonona station on the south coast ( illawarra ) line , and by the princes highway .
The incubation period and thus the start of symptoms for strep throat is between one to three days post contact .
Strep throat is unlikely when any of the symptoms of red eyes , hoarseness , runny nose , or mouth ulcers are present .
In untreated victims , the rates rise to about 50 percent for bubonic and 100 percent for septicemic .
The mortality rate for untreated pneumonic plague is 100 percent death occurs within 24 hours .
Technology editor patrick o'rourke of canada.com also charged that flappy bird is almost a complete ripoff of piou piou vs cactus , as well as that its primary gameplay mechanic is a rip off from a game called helicopter game , and that it heavily borrowed sound effects from super mario bros .
Games .
Clemson university klmsn is an american public , coeducational , land-grant and sea-grant research university located in clemson , south carolina , united states .
The human trachea has an inner diameter of about 25 millimetres ( 1 in ) and a length of about 10 to 16 centimetres ( 4 to 6 in ) .
It commences at the lower border of the larynx , level with the sixth cervical vertebra .
It breeds from canada to northern mexico and on the galapagos islands .
The heron departs for ice - free regions in winter .
The desert scenes were shot in jordan and morocco , as well as almera and doana in spain .
From the stage to the soccer field ! one direction member louis tomlinson joined a professional soccer team in london , signing a non-contract deal with the english second division soccer club , the doncaster rovers .
Lactic acid is found primarily in sour milk products , such as koumiss , laban , yogurt , kefir , some cottage cheeses , and kombucha .
The casein in fermented milk is coagulated ( curdled ) by lactic acid .
Description .
Generally , the age of viability of a fetus is considered to be between 22 and 26 weeks after conception .
Survival of a child born prior to the full gestational age ( 40 weeks ) improves greatly during the third trimester .
The first typewriter to be commercially successful was invented in 1868 by americans christopher latham sholes , carlos glidden and samuel w soule in milwaukee , wisconsin , although sholes soon disowned the machine and refused to use , or even to recommend it .
91730 is a densely populated , upscale rural zip code in rancho cucamonga , california .
The show follows the operations of carlo 's bake shop , an italian american family - owned business in hoboken , new jersey owned and operated by siblings buddy valastro ( to whom the series ' title refers ) , lisa valastro , maddalena castano , grace faugno and mary sciarrone .
Hoschton city proper is located entirely within jackson county .
Senator henry m jackson proposed and helped write s 1075 , the bill that eventually became the national environmental policy act .
The law was signed by president nixon on january 1 , 1970 .
Nepa was the first of several major environmental laws passed in the 1970s .
In the case of a broken cracked screen getting replaced by apple will cost $ 109 for the iphone 6 and for the 6 plus it will be $ 129 .
The price does go down significantly if you have applecare to only $ 79 .
The ph of grape juice ranges from about 2.92 to 3.53 , depending on the type of grape used .
Odysseus is probably best known as the eponymous hero of the odyssey .
This epic describes his travails , which lasted for 10 years , as he tries to return home after the trojan war and reassert his place as rightful king of ithaca .
Remember 1 cubic foot of water equates to 7.4805 gallons of water and weighs approximately 62.4277 pounds ( 1 gallon of water : 8.34504 lbs ) .in natural gas , centum - cubic feet ( 100 cubic feet : ccf ) and therm are used .
Interestingly , hard - boiled eggs do not keep nearly as long as raw eggs , which can last three to five weeks in the refrigerator .
There is a good reason for this .
A thawed turkey can remain in the refrigerator for 1 or 2 days before cooking .
Foods thawed in the refrigerator can be refrozen without cooking but there may be some loss of quality .
Top of page cold water thawing allow about 30 minutes per pound .
Jewel was born in payson , utah , but was raised in homer , alaska , which is where her grandfather yule kilcher , a delegate to the alaska constitutional convention and a state senator , had settled after emigrating from switzerland .
Vaginal burning : causes , symptoms and treatment .
Vaginal burning is a very common side effect of yeast infections and similar conditions .
Associated symptoms include inflammation , itching , redness and odor , which worsen significantly if the underlying condition is left untreated .
The equatorial diameter of earth is 12,756 km , its polar diameter is 12,713 km , and its average diameter , which is referred to in common usage , is 12,742 km .
For our friends who are not using the metric system , that translates to 7,926 miles .
Timothy a tewes serves as president of nelnet , where he leads both nelnet business solutions ( nbs ) and nelnet enrollment solutions ( nes ) .
He also provides oversight and insight on all sales functions , and works within the organization to encourage growth and collaboration .
Directed by trevor nunn and choreographed by gillian lynne , cats first opened in the west end in 1981 and then with the same creative team on broadway in 1982 .
It won numerous awards , including best musical at both the laurence olivier awards and the tony awards .
The new prices are for general repairs that dont cover accidental damage .
For screen repairs , like a broken display , apple will replace the iphone 6 s 4.7 - inch screen for only $ 109 , while the larger 5.5 - inch iphone 6 plus will cost $ 129 to replace the front glass .
Antibiotics are the mainstay of therapy for bacterial vaginosis .
Medications include metronidazole ( flagyl ) , clindamycin ( cleocin ) oral or vaginal suppositories , and metronidazole vaginal gel ( metrogel - vaginal ) .
Poor romans ate bread , vegetable soup , and porridge .
Meat was a luxury , unless they lived in the countryside and could go hunting or fishing .
A television commercial starring seattle seahawk s fullback derrick coleman is the latest internet sensation .
Coleman is the only athlete in nfl history to play offense , despite the fact he is legally deaf .
Food : grasshopper sparrows , living up to their names , eat insects such as grasshoppers , crickets , and cockroaches .
A small portion of their diet is seeds .
The seventh generation vette will bow later this year with a starting price of $ 51,995 destination charge included .
That s just $ 1,400 more than the current car .
Convertible stingrays will cost $ 56,995 , a $ 1,240 jump .
Chlorine has seven valence electrons and can form only one bond with an atom that donates a valence electron to complete chlorine 's outer shell .
Bobby hurley is the current head coach of the sun devils .
Sendek stepped down as head coach of the north carolina state wolfpack and accepted the head coaching job at arizona state in 2006 .
The graveyard scene was shot at cresson cemetery in cresson , texas , and the concert sequences were filmed at concert venues in fort worth , including north side coliseum .
The flowers have five petals and are coloured white , pink , purple or blue , often with distinctive veining .
Geraniums will grow in any soil as long as it is not waterlogged .
On the other end of the spectrum , there are seven states with only one representative each ( alaska , delaware , montana , north dakota , south dakota , vermont , and wyoming ) .
The total number of voting representatives is fixed by law at 435 .
According to the craft yarn council , the term worsted weight , also known as afghan , aran , or simply medium , refers to a particular weight of yarn that produces a gauge of 16 - 20 stitches per 4 inches of stockinette , and is best knitted with 4.5mm to 5.5mm needles ( us size 7 - 9 ) .
Bob gibson was the last pitcher to win both the nl cy young and mvp award , which occurred in 1968 .
By accomplishing this feat , kershaw joined an elite group of 10 pitchers who can claim equal honors .
While deen 's weight loss has slowed ( she had lost 30 pounds in june ) , she 's stayed on track thanks to moderation , moderation , moderation , she told the magazine .
In his lifetime , van gogh created 900 paintings and made 1,100 drawings and sketches , but only sold one painting during his career .
With no children of his own , most of van gogh 's works were left to theo .
While dui dwi laws vary from state to state , you can count on a dui dwi staying on your record for at least five years .
Hollywood is located in western charleston county at 324448 n 801334w 32.7467n 80.2260w 32.7467 - 80.2260 ( 32.7467 , - 80.2260 ) .
It is bordered by ravenel to the north and meggett to the south .
Charleston is 21 miles ( 34 km ) to the east .
The immigration and customs enforcement agency expects to deport about 400,000 people this fiscal year , nearly 10 percent above the bush administration 's 2008 total and 25 percent more than were deported in 2007 .
Elsie hughes ( played by phyllis logan ) is the housekeeper at downton abbey .
Though unmarried , she is referred to as mrs hughes according to traditional titles for servants during the time period .
Salary outlook .
The bls reports the median salary for a registered nurse was $ 66,220 in 2013 .
The best - paid 10 percent of rns made more than $ 96,320 , while the bottom 10 percent earned less than $ 45,630 .
Pigs are omnivores .
This means they eat all kinds of things .
They can eat vegetables , fruit and even bugs .
Humans are omnivores too .
We can eat plants and animals .
Farmers have to know a lot about pigs to make a healthy pig diet .
When it was first introduced in 1964 , diet pepsi was packaged in glass bottles , and was also made available in can format .
The island has several informal names : garden of the gulf referring to the pastoral scenery and lush agricultural lands throughout the province and birthplace of confederation or cradle of confederation , referring to the charlottetown conference in 1864 , although pei did not join confederation until 1873 , when it became the seventh canadian province .
Danish scientist hans christian rsted discovered in 1820 that electric currents create magnetic fields .
British scientist william sturgeon invented the electromagnet in 1824 .
Blackberry is located 7 miles southeast of grand rapids .
Meet milly .
She is a three month - old puerto rican chihuahua who might be getting some big recognition soon .
Milly is on her way to earning the title for world 's smallest dog .
She weighs about 7 ounces and is 3 inches tall .
Global situation and trends : since the beginning of the epidemic , almost 78 million people have been infected with the hiv virus and about 39 million people have died of hiv .
Radames also had a recurring role on little house on the prairie as john , jr , eldest adopted son of mr edwards and became mary ingalls ' love interest , during the show 's first 3 seasons .
The largest accumulations of naturally occurring sodium nitrate are found in chile and peru , where nitrate salts are bound within mineral deposits called caliche ore .
The orns are located in the olfactory epithelium in the nasal cavity .
The cell bodies of the orns are distributed among all three of the stratified layers of the olfactory epithelium .
Vaccination is the best way to protect against tetanus , a serious disease caused by a bacterial toxin that affects your nervous system .
Adults should receive tetanus booster shots every 10 years , says jill watson , md , who practices internal medicine with baptist medical associates .
It also was the first year in which all member teams played the same number of games .
The eagles made university of chicago halfback and heisman trophy winner jay berwanger the first player ever selected in the nfl draft , february 8 .
The eagles traded his rights to the bears , but berwanger never played pro football .
At the time of this writing , the installed cost of solar panels was between $ 7 - $ 9 per watt : a 5 kw system would cost around $ 25,000 - $ 35,000 .
Many utility companies offer incentives , and some subsidize as much as 50 of system costs .
Robert gordon pearson ( born march 8 , 1971 in oshawa , ontario ) is a retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in the nhl .
In 2015 labour day is monday september 7 .
Labour day in canada is celebrated on the first monday of september and it is a federal statutory holiday .
According to the report , the average salary for such bowdoin professors is $ 127,800 , associate professors bring home $ 89,300 and assistant professors earn $ 69,800 .
The standard full - size crib mattress is 27 inches by 52 inches , and the crib 30 inches by 54 inches .
They mate from december to february , when they use larger family dens clarification needed litters are born throughout march and april , usually containing one to seven pups , and average four pups .
The gestation is 49 to 55 days .
In late may , george burgess , director of the florida museum of natural history 's international shark attack file and a noted shark researcher , was quoted as saying , falling coconuts kill 150 people worldwide each year , 15 times the number of fatalities attributable to sharks .
The skin is made up of three layers , each with its own important parts .
The layer on the outside is called the epidermis ( say : eh - pih - dur - mis ) .
The epidermis is the part of your skin you can see .
The prize they sought was a seat in the senate .
Lincoln challenged douglas to a war of ideas .
Douglas took the challenge .
The debates were to be held at 7 locations throughout illinois .
The fight was on and the nation was watching .
When it comes to visible light , the highest frequency color , which is violet , also has the most energy .
The lowest frequency of visible light , which is red , has the least energy .
Humans usually have 20 primary ( deciduous , baby or milk ) teeth and 32 permanent ( adult ) teeth .
Teeth are classified as incisors , canines , premolars ( also called bicuspids ) , and molars .
The basic palette for patinas on copper alloys includes chemicals like ammonium sulfide ( blue - black ) , liver of sulfur ( brown - black ) , cupric nitrate ( blue - green ) and ferric nitrate ( yellow - brown ) .
John pinette , renowned stand - up comedian who appeared in the final episode of the hit tv show seinfeld , died on april 6 .
He was 50 .
First class mail is the most popular and economical way to send items through usps .
You can send standard postcards , letters and large envelopes and small packages up to 13 ounces using first class mail .
After germany 's annexation of austria in march 1938 , the nazis arrested german and austrian jews and imprisoned them in the dachau , buchenwald , and sachsenhausen concentration camps , all located in germany .
A high employee - turnover rate has been a perennial problem for fast - food restaurants .
Last year the rate rose to 130 percent .
The netherlands is geographically a very low and flat country , with about 26 of its area and 21 of its population located below sea level , and only about 50 of its land exceeding one metre above sea level .
New york and los angeles lifestyle guru martha stewart is not the only star in her household .
Her chow chow dog , gk , won its breed at the 136th westminster kennel club dog show on monday .
Decker attended rocori high school in cold spring , minnesota .
He was present in school when the rocori high school shooting took place , hiding in a cupboard with other students until they were rescued by police officers .
These shoes were designed by andre perugia , who began designing shoes in 1906 .
It seems unlikely that he invented the stiletto , but he is probably the first firmly documented designer of the high , slim heel .
David l pringle has been appointed to assume the position of president and ceo of broan - nutone and the broan - nutone group of companies , the world 's largest manufacturer of residential ventilation products .
Bubonic plaguealong with the septicemic plague and the pneumonic plague , which are the two other manifestations of y pestisis commonly believed to be the cause of the black death that swept through europe in the 14th century and killed an estimated 25 million people , or 30 60 of the european population .
15025 is a suburban zip code in clairton , pennsylvania .
The population is primarily white , older , and mostly married couples .
Housing prices here ( average $ 92,400 ) are fairly typical for the pittsburgh metro area .
Alexander hamilton was the father of the american national banking system .
He created the first national bank , and began practices such as manipulation of the interest rates and subsidies for american companies that are still in use today .
The flag of the state of oregon is a two - sided flag in navy blue and gold with an optional gold fringe .
On the front is the escutcheon from the state seal and on the reverse is a gold figure of a beaver , the state animal .
And how long until they reach sexual maturity? a captive - bred ball python can easily grow to 3 feet in length within the first three years of its life .
After that , the rate of growth will slow down as the snake reaches sexual maturity .
The average specimen will reach sexual maturity somewhere between 2 - 3 years of age .
Ice cream paint job is the second official single from dorrough 's debut album , dorrough music .
The single peaked at number 27 on the billboard hot 100 .
It has been certified platinum by the riaa .
In some accounts , the chemicals are described as barium and aluminum salts , polymer fibers , thorium , or silicon carbide .
Islandia straddles the long island expressway and is near the geographic center of long island .
It has no central business district , although it is home to the islandia center , which has a walmart and dave buster 's .
Growing to a length of over 10 feet ( 3 metres ) , it has a soft , flabby body , is colored bubblegum pink , and has a peculiar , blade - like snout overhanging long , highly protrusible jaws bristling with slender , fang - like teeth .
His brother was actor chris penn .
His father was jewish ( the son of immigrants from russia and or lithuania ) and his mother is of half italian and half irish ancestry .
Sean was married to actress robin wright .
He wrote mary in the morning with johnny cymbal .
It was recorded by elvis presley , glen campbell , al martino , dire straits 's guy fletcher , and many other artists .
He formed pineywood productions with ellie greenwich in the late 1960s .
Drivers may not work more than 14 straight hours comprising up to 11 hours spent driving and the remaining time spent doing other work , such as unloading cargo .
Between working periods , drivers must have at least 10 hours off duty .
To thine own self be true is polonius 's last piece of advice to his son laertes , who is in a hurry to get on the next boat to paris , where he'll be safe from his father 's long - winded speeches see neither a borrower nor a lender be .
Arthur is a village in douglas and moultrie counties in illinois arthur 's primary street , vine street , is the county line .
The population was 2,288 at the 2010 census .
Berkeley springs is nestled in the extreme northern shenandoah valley at an elevation of approximately 499 feet .
Warm spring run cuts through the center of the town and eventually , connects with the potomac river near the hancock station .
It was like the '90s all over again ! but with one big difference : the old theme song , paula cole 's i don't want to wait , had been replaced by jann arden 's run like mad .
Lake powell 's volume is 27 , 000,000 acre feet with a surface area of 266 square miles .
The lake is approximately 186 miles in length and there is approximately 1,960 miles of shoreline with 96 major side canyons .
Cultivars of the plant produce fruits in different colors , including red , yellow , orange , green , chocolate brown , vanilla white , and purple .
Bell peppers are sometimes grouped with less pungent pepper varieties as sweet peppers .
Salmon , tuna , mackerel , sardines and other oily fish have high concentrations of omega - 3 fatty acids , which help keep your pores clear and your skin radiant .
Salmon is also high in selenium , which smoothes the skin .
Vertigo and dizziness caused by an inner ear condition may require that you see a specialist .
Your doctor may recommend that you see an audiologist .
An audiologist specializes in treating inner ear disorders , like benign paroxysmal positional vertigo that can cause balance and or hearing loss .
Species native to the lake include : banded killifish , bloater , brook trout , burbot , cisco , lake sturgeon , lake trout , lake whitefish , longnose sucker , muskellunge , northern pike , pumpkinseed , rock bass , round whitefish , smallmouth bass , walleye , white sucker and yellow perch .
Geologically , the largest most concentrated anthracite deposit in the world is found in northeastern pennsylvania , united states .
Ounce for ounce , however , whole apples have more than twice as much fiber as applesauce : a 3.5 - ounce serving of applesauce provides 1.1 gram of fiber , while a 3.5 - ounce serving of apple with skin supplies 2.4 grams of fiber .
The jugular foramen is a large aperture in the base of the skull .
The main area code , 214 , was one of the original area codes established in october 1947 .
It originally covered the entire northeastern quadrant of texas , from fort worth to the border with arkansas and louisiana .
The life span of a gunnison s prairie dog is generally three to five years in the wild , but they can live up to eight years of age .
Walmart cashes tax refund checks and cards up to $ 1,000 for $ 3 and tax refund checks up to $ 7,500 for $ 6 , offering significant savings over many other check cashers .
Walmart cashes checks in 47 states , excluding new york , new jersey .
The minute maid company is owned by the coca-cola company , and is the world 's largest marketer of fruit juices and drinks .
Chromium is mined as chromite ( fecr2o4 ) ore .
About two - fifths of the chromite ores and concentrates in the world are produced in south africa , while kazakhstan , india , russia , and turkey are also substantial producers .
The braden scale for predicting pressure ulcer risk , is a tool that was developed in 1987 by barbara braden and nancy bergstrom .
The purpose of the scale is to help health professionals , especially nurses , assess a patient 's risk of developing a pressure ulcer .
Viral sinus infections usually go away on their own within 10 to 14 days .
Antibiotics don't work for viral infections .
But there are some things you can do at home to help relieve your symptoms : .
From age two to six , he lived in dublin , where his grandfather had been appointed viceroy and employed churchill 's father as his private secretary .
Churchill 's brother , john strange spencer-churchill , was born during this time in ireland .
Under the original wisconsin constitution , governors were elected for a term of two years in 1967 , the constitution was amended to increase the term of office to four years , beginning with the governor elected in the 1970 election .
The main setting for most scenes is the stephens ' house at 1164 morning glory circle .
Many scenes also take place at the madison avenue advertising agency mcmann and tate for which darrin works .
Then , using his historical growth rates and population benchmarks , he estimated that slightly over 106 billion people had ever been born .
Of those , people alive today comprise only 6 percent , nowhere near 75 percent .
One of the most important functions of norepinephrine is its role as the neurotransmitter released from the sympathetic neurons to affect the heart .
An increase in norepinephrine from the sympathetic nervous system increases the rate of contractions in the heart .
Regular unemployment benefits last up to 26 weeks .
Once those are exhausted , qualified texans can apply for emergency unemployment benefits .
The average salary for purchasing planner jobs is $ 56,000 .
Average purchasing planner salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Evidence suggests that soluble fiber is more effective at lowering cholesterol , but both types of fiber are important for your health .
One of the ways soluble fiber may lower blood cholesterol is through its ability to reduce the amount of bile reabsorbed in the intestines .
When we change our clocks .
Most of the united states begins daylight saving time at 2 : 00 a.m on the second sunday in march and reverts to standard time on the first sunday in november .
In the u.s , each time zone switches at a different time .
Louise white will take a lump sum payment of $ 210 million , the highest ever for powerball , officials said .
The jackpot was the third largest in powerball history and the largest ever won in rhode island , officials said .
Description the green iguana can weigh up to 18 pounds ( 8 kg ) and can reach a length of five to seven feet ( 1.5 to 2 m ) .
This iguana has a long body covered with soft leathery scales , a long tail and short legs .
By spring , the cubs are outside the den , exploring , and at two years of age they are fully mature .
Polar bears live around 15 to 20 years .
A total of 28 carcinogens were identified in smokeless tobacco even before our study .
Continued exposure to these over a period of time can lead to cancer .
Now we have found even more carcinogens in snuff .
The terabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information .
The prefix tera represents the fourth power of 1000 , and means 1012 in the international system of units ( si ) , and therefore one terabyte is one trillion ( short scale ) bytes .
The process explained above , in which the skin regulates body temperature is a part of thermoregulation .
This is one aspect of homeostasis the process by which the body regulates itself to keep internal conditions constant .
Kadena air base ( , kadena hikj? ) , ( iata : dna , icao : rodn ) is a united states air force base in the towns of kadena and chatan and the city of okinawa , in okinawa prefecture , japan .
The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car .
In that year , german inventor karl benz built the benz patent-motorwagen .
Cars did not become widely available until the early 20th century .
In addition , other campuses are located in chatham and wallaceburg .
In 2007 , st clair college expanded to downtown windsor by purchasing the former city of windsor owned cleary international centre .
Each coin , when minted , contained 0.36169 ounce of silver .
A bag ( $ 1,000 face 2,000 coins ) of circulated franklin half dollars weighs right at 55 pounds on a bathroom scale and will yield 718 - 720 ounces of silver if smelted .
Broken in pieces , dupont is worth maybe $ 66 billion , or $ 63 a share , writes juvekar - - not much of a reward for all that breakup hassle .
The trees begin to produce when they are three years old , but do not produce profitably until they are 10 to 12 years of age .
A pecan tree produces 50 to 600 pounds ( 23 to 272 kg ) of nuts yearly .
The sides exchange ends of the field after the half - time break .
Stoppages for injury or to allow the referee to take disciplinary action do not count as part of the playing time , so that the elapsed time is usually longer than 80 minutes .
In the 2010 census , the largest japanese american communities were found in california with 272,528 , hawaii with 185,502 , new york with 37,780 , washington with 35,008 , illinois with 17,542 , and ohio with 16,995 .
The average salary for sweeper truck driver jobs is $ 32,000 .
Average sweeper truck driver salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The typical salary for a dollar general store manager ranges from $ 26,400 - $ 66,858 , with an average salary of $ 37,859 .
Salaries estimates based on 389 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by dollar general store manager employees .
Easter sunday can fall on any date from 22 march to 25 april .
The reason for this variation in the date of easter is based on the lunar calendar ( moon ) rather than our more well - known solar one .
Easter always falls on the first sunday following the full moon ( the paschal full moon ) after 21 march .
Ucla is the most applied - to university in the nation .
For the fall of 2015 , more than 92,000 freshman applications were received .
The average gpa for admitted incoming freshmen is 4.39 , with an sat score between 1940 and 2240 .
96 of freshmen live in university housing .
As of 2005 update , writer barbara blackburn was the fastest english language typist in the world , according to the guinness book of world records .
Gracile australopiths shared several traits with modern apes and humans , and were widespread throughout eastern and northern africa around 3.5 million years ago .
The earliest evidence of fundamentally bipedal hominids can be observed at the site of laetoli in tanzania .
Cost of transporting the body .
Most funeral homes will charge a fee for forwarding remains to another funeral home , and also a fee for receiving remains from another funeral home .
The fee for forwarding remains to another funeral home usually ranges from $ 1000.00 to $ 3000.00 .
The ancestors of flowering plants diverged from gymnosperms around 245 202 million years ago , and the first flowering plants known to exist are from 160 million years ago .
The term of office for president and vice president is four years .
George washington , the first president , set an unofficial precedent of serving only two terms , which subsequent presidents followed until 1940 .
Evelyn lincoln , the devoted personal secretary who served president john f kennedy from the day he entered the senate to the day he was assassinated , died on thursday at georgetown university hospital in washington .
She was 85 and lived in chevy chase , md.
A traditional swimming pool can cost anywhere from $ 6000 for an above ground pool to $ 50,000 for a fully automated in - ground pool , not to mention excavation and decking costs .
A used shipping container can be sourced for around $ 2000 and converted into an above or below - ground pool measuring 6m long and 2.4m wide .
Most starfish have five arms that radiate from a central disc , but the number varies with the group .
Luidia ciliaris has seven arms , members of the solasteridae have ten to fifteen while the antarctic labidiaster annulatus can have up to fifty .
Michigan has 276 cities , 257 villages , 1,240 townships , and numerous unincorporated communities in its 83 counties .
In an upcoming season - two origin episode , abc 's fairy - tale drama has booked charmed alum rose mcgowan to portray a younger version of regina 's evil mother , cora ( barbara hershey ) , the hollywood reporter has confirmed .
Simon is the former wife of another notable singer - songwriter , james taylor .
Simon and taylor have two children together , sarah sally maria taylor and benjamin ben simon taylor , who are also musicians .
The yale experiment was a variation of the classic one that first demonstrated cognitive dissonance , a term coined by the social psychologist leon festinger .
The seven stars of the big dipper are actually part of larger constellation , but can be easily recognized almost directly overhead at around midnight local time .
Refined carbohydrates undergo processing , which removes many essential vitamins and minerals .
Natural foods such as whole grains , legumes , fruits , and uncooked vegetables are all top sources of unrefined carbohydrates .
Consuming the recommended amount of these unrefined foods can be beneficial to your health .
The typical salary for a middle country central school district teaching assistant ranges from $ 27,707 - $ 29,916 , with an average salary of $ 28,812 .
Salary estimates based on 1 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by middle country central school district teaching assistant employees .
Salaries by job .
The german scientist rudolf clausius laid the foundation for the second law of thermodynamics in 1850 by examining the relation between heat transfer and work .
His formulation of the second law , which was published in german in 1854 , is known as the clausius statement : .
Cottage cheese is a relatively low calorie food .
Most brands of cottage cheese suggest a serving size of a half of a cup , which amounts of about 110 calories .
A quartile is a type of quantile .
The first quartile ( q1 ) is defined as the middle number between the smallest number and the median of the data set .
The second quartile ( q2 ) is the median of the data .
Saturn is the solar system 's second largest and second most massive planet , after jupiter .
The diameter at its equator is about 74,898 miles ( 120,536 kilometers ) .
The name of the algonquian language family is distinguished from the orthographically similar algonquin dialect of the indigenous ojibwe language ( chippewa ) , which is a senior member of the algonquian language family .
Although carnival ( carnaval in portuguese ) is celebrated in towns and villages throughout brazil and other catholic countries , rio de janeiro has long been regarded as the carnival capital of the world .
Acushnet company 's primary brands are titleist , footjoy , scotty cameron , and pinnacle .
The microphone was not invented to be a stand - alone device .
It was actually invented by emile berliner in 1876 to improve the voice quality in telephones .
The yamuna river was the historical boundary between punjab and up , and its flood plains provide fertile alluvial soil suitable for agriculture but are prone to recurrent floods .
The yamuna , a sacred river in hinduism , is the only major river flowing through delhi .
The great pyrenees is a very old breed that has been used for hundreds of years by shepherds , including those of the basque people , who inhabit parts of the region in and around the pyrenees mountains of southern france and northern spain .
Crow and colleagues found that crude mortality rates were 4.0 for anorexia nervosa , 3.9 for bulimia nervosa , and 5.2 for eating disorder not otherwise specified .
They also found a high suicide rate in bulimia nervosa .
The cell was discovered by robert hooke in 1665 , who named the biological unit for its resemblance to cells inhabited by christian monks in a monastery .
A typical sugar packet in the united states contains 2 to 4 grams of sugar .
Some sugar packets in countries such as poland contain 5 to 10 grams of sugar .
Sugar packet sizes , shapes , and weights differ throughout different areas of the world .
Credit for developing cell theory is usually given to two scientists : theodor schwann and matthias jakob schleiden .
While rudolf virchow contributed to the theory , he is not as credited for his attributions toward it .
The current governor is pete ricketts , a republican , who assumed office on january 8 , 2015 .
The current lieutenant governor is mike foley , who assumed office on january 8 , 2015 .
Governors of nebraska must be at least 30 years old and have been citizens and residents of the state for five years before being elected .
Casualties in the civil war at least 618,000 americans died in the civil war , and some experts say the toll reached 700,000 .
The number that is most often quoted is 620,000 .
As 7 - eleven says , gulps ( 20 ounces ) big gulps ( 30 ounces ) , super big gulps ( 40 ounces ) and double gulps ( 50 ounces ) are genetically engineered to quench even the most diabolical thirst.
Zinc phosphide is an inorganic compound that combines phosphorus with zinc .
It is used in rodenticide baits .
When an animal eats the bait , the acid in the animal 's stomach turns the zinc phosphide into phosphine .
Phosphine is a very toxic gas .
New cars typically lose about 20 of their value the moment they re driven off the lot , and about 65 after five years .
About eighty people were accused of practising witchcraft in a witch - hunt that lasted throughout new england from 1648 - 1663 .
Thirteen women and two men were executed .
The salem witch trials followed in 1692 93 , culminating in the executions of 20 people .
Princess merida is the protagonist in the film brave .
She has three brothers harris , hubert and hamish .
Her parents are king fergus and queen elinor .
She is also the first female protagonist in a pixar film .
During the 2007 regular season , brett favre surpassed elway to become the starting quarterback with the most wins in nfl history , and his record stands at 186 .
Diamonds are thought to have been first recognized and mined in india , where significant alluvial deposits of the stone could be found many centuries ago along the rivers penner , krishna and godavari .
Barbara ann luna was born on march 2 , 1939 in manhattan and virtually grew up on broadway .
Her italian , hungarian , spanish , portuguese and filipino background has led her to portray a variety of roles .
Boxing evolved from 16th - and 18th - century prizefights , largely in great britain , to the forerunner of modern boxing in the mid - 19th century , again initially in great britain and later in the united states .
Charles tyrwhitt was founded as a mail order company in 1986 by nicholas charles tyrwhitt wheeler , while he was a student at bristol university .
The typical salary for a allstate claims service adjuster ranges from $ 38,034 - $ 66,238 , with an average salary of $ 45,036 .
Salaries estimates based on 49 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by allstate claims service adjuster employees .
Salaries by job .
Salaries by company .
The coarser outer guard hair is used for rugs , wall - hangings and lead ropes .
The fiber comes in many different colors ranging from white or grey to reddish - brown , brown , dark brown and black .
You ask me to is a song written by billy joe shaver and waylon jennings .
It was originally recorded by jennings on his 1973 album honky tonk heroes .
This record spent fifteen weeks on the billboard country singles charts , reaching a peak of number eight .
The best estimate now is that a college degree is worth about $ 300,000 in today 's dollarsnowhere near the $ 1 million figure that is often quoted .
Joyce flynn - moranto ( swoosie kurtz ) is molly and victoria 's mother .
Her two daughters live in her home .
She is a widow who began dating a widower named vince moranto in season 1 , and later became his fiance .
Purines ( specific chemical compounds found in some foods ) are broken down into uric acid .
A diet rich in purines from certain sources can raise uric acid levels in the body , which sometimes leads to gout .
Meat and seafood may increase your risk of gout .
Maxzide is a combination of two diuretics ( water pills ) used in the treatment of high blood pressure and other conditions that require the elimination of excess fluid from the body .
The area is served by the middle georgia regional airport and the herbert smart downtown airport .
The mayor of macon is robert reichert , a former democratic member of the georgia house of representatives .
Almost all of his productions begin or end with the tag mustard on the beat , ho ! , a voice sample of yg , who says it at the end of i 'm good , one of their early collaborations .
Turkey vultures eat carrion , which they find largely by their excellent sense of smell .
Mostly they eat mammals but are not above snacking on reptiles , other birds , amphibians , fish , and even invertebrates .
According to popular legend , the first american flag was made by betsy ross , a philadelphia seamstress who was acquainted with george washington , leader of the continental army , and other influential philadelphians .
The vertebral column usually consists of 33 vertebrae : 24 presacral vertebrae ( 7 cervical , 12 thoracic , and 5 lumbar ) followed by the sacrum ( 5 fused sacral vertebrae ) and the coccyx ( 4 frequently fused coccygeal vertebrae ) .
It was the ruling party in cambodia from 1975 to 1979 , led by pol pot , nuon chea , ieng sary , son sen , and khieu samphan .
Democratic kampuchea was the name of the state as controlled by the government of the khmer rouge from 1975 to 1979 .
Other data released last month showed the percentage of unwed mothers differs from race to race .
While 28 percent of white women gave birth out of wedlock in 2007 , nearly 72 percent of black women and more than 51 percent of latinas did .
Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 6 electoral votes .
Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president .
Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
Peel potatoes , putting them in a bowl of cold water as peeled to prevent discoloration .
Drain potatoes , then steam in a steamer set over boiling water , covered , until tender , 18 to 20 minutes .
In 1954 , nine years after world war ii ended , president dwight d eisenhower signed legislation that changed armistice day to veterans day , making it a celebration to honor america s veterans for their patriotism , love of country , and willingness to serve and sacrifice for the common good .
Kanye west says his mother donda , who died in 2007 following complications from plastic surgery , would be alive today if they had lived in new york and not la .
Speaking roughly , normal levels of thyroid - stimulating hormone ( tsh ) are in the range of 0.4 to 4.0 miu l .
However , each laboratory and test manufacturer identifies its own normal tsh range .
The pay is fantastic , but it s in line with the risk you re taking each season .
Ice road trucking is one of the best paying jobs in the industry .
On average , ice road truckers are paid between $ 20,000 and $ 80,000 for the season .
Mondale ran for the democratic presidential nomination in the 1984 election , and from the early going , he was the frontrunner .
His opposition included rev jesse jackson and senator gary hart of colorado .
When it comes to the size of his fortune , however , jay - z is number two among hip - hop artists .
The top spot goes to sean diddy combs , who tops our first - ever accounting of rap s richest by net worth .
Marshmallows , like most sweets , are sweetened with sucrose .
They are currently prepared by the aeration of mixtures of sucrose and proteins to a final density of about 0.5 g ml .
Average 6th grade teacher salaries .
The average salary for 6th grade teacher jobs is $ 43,000 .
Average 6th grade teacher salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The diets of the arabian oryx consist mainly of grasses , but they will eat a large variety of vegetation , include trees , buds , herbs , fruit , tubers and roots .
Herds of arabian oryx follow infrequent rains to eat the new plants that grow afterward .
Microvilli ( singular : microvillus ) are microscopic cellular membrane protrusions that increase the surface area of cells and minimize any increase in volume , and are involved in a wide variety of functions , including absorption , secretion , cellular adhesion , and mechanotransduction .
Galileo galilei was born on february 15 , 1564 , in pisa in the duchy of florence , italy .
He was the first of six children born to vincenzo galilei , a well - known musician and music theorist , and giulia ammannati .
Simba is the son of mufasa and sarabi .
During the events of the lion king , he becomes king of pride rock .
In the lion king ii : simba 's pride , he and nala have a daughter , kiara .
Due to the global changes that have taken place politically and economically since the formation of the un in 1945 , widespread debate has been apparent over whether the five permanent members of the un security council remain the best member states to hold veto power .
Chinchillas can live 12 to 20 years an exceptionally long life span for a rodent .
They also have an exceptionally long pregnancy , 111 days .
So babies pop out ready - to - go like their distant cousins , the guinea pigs .
Mosquitoes have been on earth for more than 100 million years , says murphy , and they have co - evolved with so many species along the way .
Donatello died in florence in 1466 and was buried in the basilica of san lorenzo , next to cosimo de ' medici the elder .
Location : most temperate , deciduous ( leaf - shedding ) forests are located in the eastern united states , canada , europe , china , japan , and parts of russia .
Deciduous forests are broken up into five zones .
The firstzone is the tree stratum zone .
In humans , there are usually 20 primary ( baby ) teeth and 28 to 32 permanent teeth , the last four being third molars or wisdom teeth , each of which may or may not grow in .
Vehicle registration fees .
Registration fees are due at the deputy registrar agency when you submit all the paperwork to register your vehicle .
Fees for passenger and non - commercial vehicles typically amount to between $ 35 and $ 105 .
Plate or registration transfer : $ 4.50 .
Their lifespan is normally one to three years assuming no diseases or predation .
The maximum life span for the pocket gopher is approximately five years .
Some of the earliest electric guitars adapted hollow bodied acoustic instruments and used tungsten pickups .
The first electrically amplified guitar was designed in 1931 by george beauchamp , general manager at national guitar corporation with paul barth who was vice president .
The incubation period for goose eggs is 30 days and , as with other waterfowl eggs , they have unique requirements during their artificial incubation which are not needed by other poultry species .
The polka ( literally meaning polish lady ) is a central european dance and also a genre of dance music familiar throughout europe and the americas .
It originated in the middle of the 19th century in bohemia .
The recommended planting rate for oats planted for grain is 60 to 90 pounds per acre .
The recommended planting rate for oats planted for forage is 90 to 120 pounds per acre .
Home prices .
The average home price in whittier is $ 489,000 , which is 11.1 higher than the average sold price in whittier ( $ 440,000 ) .
The average home price per square foot in whittier is $ 315 and about 2 of all homes in whittier sold in the last 6 months .
Reduce heat and cover , simmering until the chicken is no longer pink or when the temperature reaches 170 degrees f whole chicken breasts will take about 15 to 20 minutes .
Chicken breasts cut into pieces won't take quite as long to cook , while whole bone - in chicken breasts will take slightly longer .
The earth is divided to three layers , the core , the mantle and the crust .
Humans live on the crust of the earth .
Rather than a restrictive diet , a diabetes diet or mnt is a healthy - eating plan that 's naturally rich in nutrients and low in fat and calories , with an emphasis on fruits , vegetables and whole grains .
Toppik fibers are made of all natural organic keratin protein , the same protein that hair is made of .
The fibers in toppik are charged with static electricity so they intertwine with your own hair and bond securely .
The green bay packers , founded 1919 ( joined the nfl in 1921 ) , is the oldest nfl franchise in continuous operation with the same name in the same location .
An ancient form of cheesecake may have been a popular dish in ancient greece even prior to romans ' adoption of it with the conquest of greece .
At one - to three - hour intervals , your doctor draws blood and analyzes your glucose levels .
A normal fasting glucose is 60 to 100 milligrams per deciliter your levels should rise no higher than 200 mg dl one hour after eating and no more than 140 mg dl two hours after finishing the snack .
The main building of the fort is a two story adobe structure built between 1841 and 1843 .
This building is the only original surviving structure at the reconstructed sutter 's fort state historic park .
The green river , located in the western united states , is the chief tributary of the colorado river .
The watershed of the river , known as the green river basin , covers parts of wyoming , utah , and colorado .
Stuart sutcliffe has been called the fifth beatle .
The original bassist of the five - member beatles , he played with the band primarily during their days as a club act in hamburg , germany .
When the band returned to liverpool in 1961 , sutcliffe remained behind in hamburg .
The term was popularized in black communities around the country via word of mouth and ultimately received mainstream use after jesse jackson publicly used the term in front of a national audience .
Subsequently , major media outlets adopted its use .
In an atmosphere of world war ii hysteria , president roosevelt , encouraged by officials at all levels of the federal government , authorized the internment of tens of thousands of american citizens of japanese ancestry and resident aliens from japan .
Originally , kripke planned the series for three seasons but later expanded it to five .
The fifth season concluded the series ' main storyline , and kripke departed the series as showrunner .
For example , while a fico score of 790 out of 850 is considered excellent , it 's merely mediocre on the vantagescore model - - which tops out at 990 .
According to the new york times , which mined data from nielsen research , the average american watched 34 hours of television each week last year .
That 's an increase of one percent over 2009 's record - setting numbers .
The average cost for a crankshaft position sensor replacement is between $ 175 to $ 268 .
Labor costs are estimated between $ 108 to $ 137 while parts are priced between $ 67 to $ 131 .
Marc whitten , xbox one chief platform architect : we are optimizing xbox one so that the day one update is as fast as possible .
While we re still finalizing the details , we expect that the download will take between 15 and 20 minutes for most users .
The first two microsoft stores opened within a week of the windows 7 launch , in scottsdale , arizona and mission viejo , california .
Additional stores have since opened in california , colorado , georgia , illinois , minnesota , missouri , texas and washington .
British colonization of the americas ( including colonization by both the kingdom of england and the kingdom of scotland before the acts of union , which created the kingdom of great britain in 1707 ) began in 1607 in jamestown , virginia and reached its peak when colonies had been established throughout the americas .
Nominal interest is composed of the real interest rate plus inflation , among other factors .
A simple formula for the nominal interest is : .
The british empire established the east africa protectorate in 1895 , which starting in 1920 gave way to the kenya colony .
Kenya obtained independence in december 1963 .
View facelift before after photos .
Depending on where you have your surgery performed , a procedure addressing only one third of the face can cost $ 3,000 or more , while a full facelift can cost $ 15,000 or more .
Born in c 551 bce , kong fu-zi 2 lived in the lu province of china , the town of tsou .
Some sources indicate he was born of noble blood , but lived in impoverished conditions .
While our ancestors have been around for about six million years , the modern form of humans only evolved about 200,000 years ago .
Civilization as we know it is only about 6,000 years old , and industrialization started in the earnest only in the 1800s .
Washington - - the u.s senate confirmed former sen chuck hagel ( r - neb .
) as president barack obama 's next secretary of defense by a 58 to 41 vote tues ...
The aging profile of dogs varies according to their adult size ( often determined by their breed ) : smaller dogs often live over 15 16 years , medium and large size dogs typically 10 to 13 years , and some giant dog breeds such as mastiffs , often only 7 to 8 years .
A university city since 1575 , leiden houses leiden university , the oldest university of the netherlands , and leiden university medical centre .
It is twinned with oxford , the location of england 's oldest university .
A layer of tissue lies immediately below the dermis of vertebrate skin .
It is often referred to as subcutaneous tissue though this is a less precise and anatomically inaccurate term .
The hypodermis consists primarily of loose connective tissue and lobules of fat .
Oily fish , like salmon , mackerel , tuna and sardines , are high in omega - 3 fatty acids , which have been shown to help reduce inflammation .
The 2010 terrain debuted at the 2009 new york international auto show .
A hard , rare metal under standard conditions when uncombined , tungsten is found naturally on earth only in chemical compounds .
It was identified as a new element in 1781 , and first isolated as a metal in 1783 .
Its important ores include wolframite and scheelite .
Fort shafter is the oldest military base on oahu and celebrated its 100th birthday on june 22 , 2007 .
Signs and symptoms of depression in children include : irritability or anger .
Continuous feelings of sadness and hopelessness .
Social withdrawal .
Increased sensitivity to rejection .
Changes in appetite - - either increased or decreased .
Changes in sleep - - sleeplessness or excessive sleep .
Vocal outbursts or crying .
The avocado ( persea americana ) is a tree native to mexico and central america , classified in the flowering plant family lauraceae along with cinnamon , camphor and bay laurel .
For depression , the standard dose for adults is 300 milligrams of st john 's wort ( of 0.3 hypericin extract ) taken three times a day .
In 1966 , president lyndon b johnson issued the first presidential proclamation honoring fathers , designating the third sunday in june as father 's day .
Six years later , the day was made a permanent national holiday when president richard nixon signed it into law in 1972 .
Some will have to move .
With the expected cuts in bcts , the army will be left with a mix of 12 armored bcts , 14 infantry bcts , and seven stryker bcts .
Those numbers could change in the future .
So how much do spotify artists actually make? artists earn on average less than one cent per play , between $ 0.006 and $ 0.0084 , to be exact , according to spotify artists , a website that explains the service to artists .
Ebola is spread through blood and other bodily fluids .
Anyone in contact with an infected person is at risk , especially health care workers .
A doctor , 12 nurses , an ambulance driver , and a hospital cleaner have all died during the ugandan epidemic .
Ashley judd was born in granada hills , california .
She is the daughter of naomi judd , a country music singer and motivational speaker , and michael charles ciminella , a marketing analyst for the horseracing industry .
Michael jordan is the greatest champion in nba history .
His six rings count more than bill russell 's 11 , kareem abdul - jabbar 's six , or kobe bryant 's five .
Ryobi die casting ( usa ) , incorporated manufacturers products for the automobile industry and is based in shelbyville , indiana .
Igda reports entry level video game designers make between $ 50,000 and $ 80,000 annually , averaging $ 57,500 .
The highest reported salary was $ 200,000 .
Family physicians , general internists , and rheumatologists are the doctors who typically treat fibromyalgia .
There is no diagnostic test for it .
Doctors make a diagnosis by conducting physical examinations , evaluating symptoms , and ruling out other conditions .
Pediatric nurses earn an annual median wage of $ 60,902 in miami , where all florida cities reflect pediatric nurses salaries below the national median .
In new baden , texas , the annual median is $ 53,370 while it is $ 57,612 in geneva , georgia .
Type of employer .
The smallest branch of the u.s military , the marine corps is often first on the ground in combat , utilizing the mobility of the navy from the sea .
Kurds also have a presence in kirkuk , mosul , khanaqin , and baghdad .
Around 300,000 kurds live in the iraqi capital baghdad , 50,000 in the city of mosul and around 100,000 elsewhere in southern iraq .
Johnson was born in hayward , california , the son of ata johnson ( ne maivia ) and professional wrestler rocky johnson .
His maternal grandfather , high chief peter maivia , was also a wrestler .
The nobel prize in literature 1983 was awarded to william golding for his novels which , with the perspicuity of realistic narrative art and the diversity and universality of myth , illuminate the human condition in the world of today .
The great fear ( french : la grande peur ) was a general panic that occurred between 17 july and 3 august 1789 at the start of the french revolution .
One of the less desirable ways in which china has followed the west is in the explosive growth of the divorce rate , which in the major cities is now approaching 40 percent of those married .
Mixon portrays the role of victoria , molly 's sister , while wilson portrays carl , mike 's partner .
Billy gardell was the next actor cast in the series , as the titular mike .
Swoosie kurtz then joined the series as molly 's mother , joyce .
Aristotle is a towering figure in ancient greek philosophy , making contributions to logic , metaphysics , mathematics , physics , biology , botany , ethics , politics , agriculture , medicine , dance and theatre .
He was a student of plato who in turn studied under socrates .
The commission consisted of 18 members from various nationalities and political backgrounds .
The universal declaration of human rights drafting committee was chaired by eleanor roosevelt , who was known for her human rights advocacy .
Ireland produced a significant amount of the corned beef in the atlantic trade from local cattle and salt imported from the iberian peninsula and southwestern france .
The average salary for wounded warrior project jobs is $ 70,000 .
Average wounded warrior project salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
William henry harrison ( 1773 - 1841 ) , america s ninth president , served just one month in office before dying of pneumonia .
His tenure , from march 4 , 1841 , to april 4 , 1841 , is the shortest of any u.s president .
63109 is a densely populated , urban zip code in saint louis , missouri .
Adderall xr will be effective in your system for 6 to 8 hours ( the drug companies state 12 hours , but i have never known that to be the case for individuals taking xr ) .
Of course this all depends on how you personally metabolism the medication .
Costa rican cuisine is known for being fairly mild , with high reliance on fresh fruits and vegetables .
Rice and black beans are a staple of most traditional costa rican meals , often served three times a day .
Take the medicine in the morning before you eat breakfast .
It may take up to 4 days for full effect .
Do not take more than one tablet every 24 hours .
The texas ( tx ) state sales tax rate is currently 6.25 .
Depending on local municipalities , the total tax rate can be as high as 8.25 .
Evening in its primary meaning is the period of the day between afternoon and night .
Antihistamines and decongestants can help with postnasal drip caused by sinusitis and viral infections .
They can also be effective , along with steroid medications or nasal sprays , for postnasal drip caused by allergies .
The reactors for units 1 , 2 , and 6 were supplied by general electric , those for units 3 and 5 by toshiba , and unit 4 by hitachi .
All six reactors were designed by general electric .
Other airports near dover with commercial air service include the wicomico regional airport in salisbury , maryland , the baltimore-washington international thurgood marshall airport in baltimore , maryland , and the philadelphia international airport in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
Chief among the updates is a new 400 mile range , which will allow drives from san francisco to los angeles on a single charge .
Tesla notes that it expects a 40 - 50 improvement on driving range between the original roadster and roadster 3.0 .
As the sponsor of christopher columbus 's voyages , spain was the first european power to settle and colonize the largest areas , from north america and the caribbean to the southern tip of south america .
Generally , these cats first develop nonspecific symptoms such as loss of appetite , weight loss , depression , rough hair coat , and fever .
There are two major forms of fip , an effusive , or wet form , and a noneffusive , or dry form .
During his time in new mexico , hubbard wrote up against the wall , redneck mother , made famous by jerry jeff walker 's 1973 recording .
The flushing toilet was invented by john harrington in 1596 .
Joseph bramah of yorkshire patented the first practical water closet in england in 1778 .
George jennings in 1852 also took out a patent for the flush - out toilet .
Speedy is the name of two dc comics superheroes , fictional characters that have each served as teenaged sidekicks for the green arrow ( a.k.a .
Oliver queen ) .
Olive garden started as a unit of general mills inc the first olive garden was opened on december 13 , 1982 , in orlando .
By 1989 , there were 145 olive garden restaurants , making it the fastest - growing units in the general mills restaurant division .
May : the month of may is associated with the lily of the valley flower .
It is generally white in colour .
The flower conveys sweetness and humility .
Redwood highway was filmed in numerous locations throughout southern oregon , including ashland , talent , phoenix , grants pass , cave junction , and brookings .
The filmmakers and most of the crew members involved are from southern oregon .
Gabrielle union was born in omaha , nebraska , the daughter of theresa ( glass ) , a phone company manager and social worker , and sylvester e union , a business executive and military sergeant .
The company was founded on september 16 , 1908 , in flint , michigan , as a holding company for mclaughlin car company of canada limited and buick , then controlled by william c durant .
The rock legend , who has been performing since 1962 , has seven children with four women , and four grandchildren .
Jade jagger , mick 's daughter by ex - wife bianca jagger , is the baby 's 42 - year - old grandmother .
Gillette college is a 2 - year community college in gillette , wyoming .
The college is operated by the northern wyoming community college district .
The first non - native permanent settler in chicago was jean baptiste point du sable who built a farm at the mouth of the chicago river in the 1780s .
He left chicago in 1800 .
A device used in tomography is called a tomograph , while the image produced is a tomogram .
Tomography as the computed tomographic ( ct ) scanner was invented by sir godfrey hounsfield , and thereby made an exceptional contribution to medicine .
In 1976 , meat loaf appeared in the short - lived broadway production of the rock musical rockabye hamlet .
In 1980 , he started working on dead ringer .
Steinman wrote all of the songs , but had little else to do with the album .
Maintenance therapy may help control advanced cancer that has improved but is not gone after initial therapy .
In these situations , it can help patients live longer .
Pemetrexed ( alimta ) is the first drug the u.s food and drug administration approved for advanced lung cancer maintenance therapy .
Smooch : bella thorne looked cute as she kissed and cuddled boyfriend tristan klier in instagram shots shared on sunday .
North carolina ratified the constitution on november 21 , 1789 , after the beginning of the 1st congress .
Its current senators are republicans thom tillis and richard burr .
Ihs found the iphone 5c costs $ 173 to produce , including $ 7 in assembly costs .
Its higher - end sibling , the iphone 5s , costs $ 199 to produce , which includes assembly costs of $ 8 .
The company continues to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of manulife and its headquarters remains in boston , massachusetts .
John hancock financial network ( jhfn ) is the retail distribution company of john hancock life insurance company , u.s.a , which is a wholly owned subsidiary of manulife financial corporation .
The series ran for 125 episodes over seven seasons , from april 9 , 2009 , until february 24 , 2015 .
A brain tumor is a mass or growth of abnormal cells in the tissues of the brain .
Primary brain tumors may be benign or malignant and originate in the brain .
Malignant primary brain tumors are classified to icd - 9 - cm category 191 .
Picpus cemetery ( french : cimetire de picpus ) is the largest private cemetery in paris , france , located in the 12th arrondissement .
It was created from land seized from the convent of the chanoinesses de st - augustin , during the french revolution .
An optical disk drive ( odd ) uses a laser light to read data from or write data to an optical disc .
These include cds , dvds , and blu - ray discs .
This allows you to play music or watch movies using pre - recorded discs .
Phillips is located at 454130 n 90247w 45.69167n 90.40194w 45.69167 - 90.40194 ( 45.691560 , - 90.401915 ) .
It is on highway sr 13 , 77 miles north of marshfield , and 74 miles south of ashland .
The telegraph invented by baron schilling von canstatt in 1832 had a transmitting device which consisted of a keyboard with 16 black - and - white keys .
These served for switching the electric current .
Depending on your definition of bad credit , the results may vary .
If your bad credit is due to bankruptcy , it could take a matter of ten years .
However , for most bad debt situations , it can take seven years to completely restore your credit .
Jamaica is divided into 14 parishes , which are grouped into three historic counties that have no administrative relevance .
The expedition was commissioned by president thomas jefferson shortly after the louisiana purchase in 1803 , consisting of a select group of u.s army volunteers under the command of captain meriwether lewis and his close friend second lieutenant william clark .
The pueblo people suffered severe disruptions of their lives and cultures during the long spanish colonization of new mexico .
During the spanish era the number of pueblos in new mexico was reduced from somewhere between 70 and 100 pueblos to 19 .
The nearest airport is bagdogra , near siliguri , 96 km from darjeeling .
Bagdogra airport is 2.5 hours by road from darjeeling and 2 hours by air from delhi , and 50 minutes by air from kolkata .
Sodium in yolks vs whole eggs .
One large egg yolk , weighing 17 grams , has a minimal 8 milligrams of sodium .
That 's only 11 percent of the total sodium content of a whole egg .
The north american distributing company viz media has released all 42 volumes in english .
Viz titled volumes seventeen through forty - two of the manga dragon ball z to reduce confusion for their readers .
Evan is the son of jenny mccarthy and her ex john mallory asher .
Carrey was , however , a father figure to evan when he dated mccarthy .
The two ended their five - year relationship in 2010 .
The huffington post unearthed a 1969 chicago tribune article that refers to wisconsin , not michigan , as the mitten - shaped state.
The irs rate for nonprofit volunteers is 14 cents per mile for 2013 .
Although the mileage rate for business purposes is updated annually with the cost of gas and auto repairs , the charitable rate has not varied in years .
This detailed , alphabetic system has several levels within each grade level .
For example , grade 2 is equivalent to guided reading levels j through m this allows you to tailor your reading program more accurately to a wide range of reading abilities .
The canaanites descended from canaan , the son of ham and father of heth , thus they were a separate race from the semites .
The people were never known to be united and was divided into numerous city - states , dependent upon egypt .
Summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons , falling between spring and autumn .
At the summer solstice , the days are longest and the nights are shortest , with day - length decreasing as the season progresses after the solstice .
Providenciales , turks caicos islands - tropical storm bertha was moving over the turks caicos islands and the southeastern bahamas on sunday after emerging from the dominican republic , where overflowing rivers led to the temporary evacuation of dozens of families .
In 1870 , the u.s congress made july 4th a federal holiday in 1941 , the provision was expanded to grant a paid holiday to all federal employees .
The first electric machines were developed by singer sewing co and introduced in 1889 .
By the end of the first world war , singer was offering hand , treadle and electric machines for sale .
On average , it takes about one hour for your body to break down one unit of alcohol .
However , this can vary , depending on : .
One commonly cited example is that of jackie robinson , who was the first african american of the modern era to become a major league baseball player , ending 60 years of segregated negro leagues .
The average age of registered nurses held relatively steady over the last four years , increasing from 46.8 years to 47.0 years .
This slight increase arrests a long - term trend toward an older nursing workforce .
The third - generation mustang was produced by ford motor company from 1978 to 1993 .
Built on ford s widely used fox platform , it evolved through a number of sub - models , trim levels , and drivetrain combinations during its production life .
Head east is an american hard rock band originally from east central illinois .
The band was formed by vocalist john schlitt , guitarist danny piper , keyboardist roger boyd , bassist larry boyd , and drummer steve huston .
Work .
Train engineers could make as much as $ 38.14 per hour or $ 79,340 per year , or as little as $ 17.18 per hour or $ 35,730 per year as of may 2011 .
This is according to the bureau of labor statistics .
However , the position averaged $ 25.45 per hour or $ 52,940 per year .
The city is one of the three major centers for the albany - schenectady - troy metropolitan statistical area ( msa ) , which has a population of 850,957 .
At the 2010 census , the population of troy was 50,129 .
If your doctor suspects you may have a form of peripheral neuropathy , he or she may refer you to a neurologist , a doctor who specializes in diseases of the nerves .
The number of frets installed on a bass guitar neck may vary .
The original fender basses had 20 frets , and most bass guitars have between 20 and 24 frets or fret positions .
If the author has been dead more than 70 years , the work is in the public domain in most , but not all , countries .
Venus has the longest day of any planet in our solar system .
A day on venus is 243 earth days .
Venus day is actually longer than its year .
It only takes 224.7 earth days for the planet to orbit the sun .
Average administrative assistant planned parenthood salaries .
The average salary for administrative assistant planned parenthood jobs is $ 28,000 .
Average administrative assistant planned parenthood salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
32812 is a suburban zip code in orlando , florida .
European colonization of new jersey started soon after the 1609 exploration of its coast and bays by sir henry hudson .
Part of the state was settled by dutch and swedish as new netherland and new sweden .
Nuclear plants were originally given a license to operate for 40 years , and in the late 1990s , the nrc began accepting applications to extend those licenses for an additional 20 years .
In some cultures in the northern hemisphere , the astronomical march equinox ( varying between 19 and 21 march ) is taken to mark the first day of spring , and the northern solstice ( around 21 june ) is taken as the first day of summer .
From 1947 to 1990 , area code 202 was an unpublished alternate area code for the nearby suburbs in maryland and virginia , which were officially in area codes 301 and 703 , respectively .
This was possible because the entire washington metropolitan area is a single lata .
German shepherd dogs had just over 44,500 litters with a range of four to nine pups and averaging 6.6 per litter .
From the 39,000 american cocker spaniel litters tracked , an average litter size was five , with a normal range of three to seven pups .
Writs of certiorari .
Parties who are not satisfied with the decision of a lower court must petition the u.s supreme court to hear their case .
The primary means to petition the court for review is to ask it to grant a writ of certiorari .
The seventh u.s president ( 1829 37 ) , andrew jackson has been featured on the front side of the bill since 1928 , which is why the twenty - dollar bill is often called a jackson , while the white house is featured on the reverse side .
Mushrooms are generally sold in the u.s in eighths , meaning one - eighth of an ounce ( 3.5 grams ) , which usually costs around $ 20 .
The effects of magic mushrooms will always vary from person to person in addition to from mushroom to mushroom .
Third army is currently denoted arcent , headquartered at shaw air force base , south carolina with a forward element at camp arifjan , kuwait .
The mountain tells its story just yesterday , on the clock of geological time , the scene near capulin would have been one of fire , ash , glowing lava , and ear - shattering explosions , for capulin mountain is the cone of a volcano that was active only about 62,000 years ago .
Habitat : the gray bat lives in colonies within limestone caves in the ozark region .
They occupy caves throughout the year , but different caves are occupied during the summer and winter months .
Michael b coleman ( born november 18 , 1954 ) is an american politician of the democratic party , the 52nd and current mayor of columbus , ohio .
He is the first african - american mayor of ohio 's capital .
Dream class ships are the largest in the carnival cruise line fleet .
Dream class ships include the carnival dream and carnival magic .
Ships in this class have a gross tonnage of 130,000 and a length of 1,004 feet , with a cruising speed of 20 knots .
Domestic cows can live to 20 years , however those raised for dairy rarely live that long , as the average cow is removed from the dairy herd around age four and marketed for beef .
For example , minor causes like hay fever and sinusitis can contribute to headache and nasal irritation , which lead to nosebleed .
The same is true for the common cold .
Other , more serious conditions that can lead to headache and nosebleed include : anemia .
Carbon monoxide poisoning .
Chronic kidney disease .
Cocaine abuse .
Compound or catadioptric telescopes are hybrid telescopes that have a mix of refractor and reflector elements in their design .
The first compound telescope was made by german astronomer bernhard schmidt in 1930 .
The california gold rush began at sutter 's mill , near coloma .
Dried fruits , such as dates , figs , prunes , apricots , and raisins , are another great source of dietary fiber that acts as a constipation remedy .
Sometimes diseases that affect other joints in the body , such as the inflammation resulting from arthritis , can be the cause of pain in the hip .
Trauma or injury , including bone fracture , is also a cause of hip pain .
Johann philipp reis installed an electric loudspeaker in his telephone in 1861 it was capable of reproducing clear tones , but also could reproduce muffled speech after a few revisions .
Alexander graham bell patented his first electric loudspeaker ( capable of reproducing intelligible speech ) as part of his telephone in 1876 , which was followed in 1877 by an improved version from ernst siemens .
Jensen ross ackles is an american actor .
He starred as jason teague during the season four of smallville .
During his work on the show , jensen was called to play the part of dean winchester on supernatural .
According to the aircraft owners and pilots association 's cost calculator , the cost for a private license runs on average $ 9,900 , a recreational runs $ 7,700 and a sport license about $ 4,400 .
It was discovered in the summer of 1990 by sue hendrickson , a paleontologist , and was named after her .
What is a rheumatologist? a rheumatologist is a doctor who treats arthritis and other diseases of the joints , muscles , and bones .
Some rheumatologists also conduct research to determine the cause of diseases and find better treatment options for these disabling and sometimes fatal diseases .
Others say the gta vi will take place in more than one city , and yet another rumor claimed gta 6 will take place in vice city , a fictionalized version of miami .
A regular octagon is a closed figure with sides of the same length and internal angles of the same size .
It has eight lines of reflective symmetry and rotational symmetry of order 8 .
A regular octagon is represented by the schlfli symbol 8 .
In human anatomy , the inguinal triangle is a region of the abdominal wall .
It is also known by the eponym hesselbach 's triangle , after franz kaspar hesselbach .
Bondi made her final appearances as martha corinne walton on the waltons in the episodes the conflict ( september 1974 ) and the pony cart ( december 1976 ) .
Plainview is a city in and the county seat of hale county , texas , united states .
The population was 22,194 at the 2010 census .
Just in case you forgot , we humans have a total of 206 sizable bones in our bodies .
There are also 6 additional bones , 3 in each ear , known as the ossicles ( little bones ) .
So the grand total is 212 .
The maiden - - - a prototype , of course - - - plasma display monitor was invented at the university of illinois during july 1964 by professor gene slottow and professor donald bitzer .
Mexican food , which places an emphasis on fresh ingredients and sometimes seafood , inspired by baja california fare , is highly popular .
In 1901 , scotland yard established its first fingerprint bureau .
The following year , fingerprints were presented as evidence for the first time in english courts .
In 1903 , the new york state prisons adopted the use of fingerprints , followed later by the fbi .
According to the u.s environmental protection agency ( epa ) the sea level has risen 6 to 8 inches ( 15 to 20 cm ) in the last 100 years ( see how do they measure sea level? ) .
America s bloodiest clash , the sectional conflct of the civil war ( 1861 - 65 ) pitted the union against the confederate states of america and resulted in the death of more than 620,000 , with millions more injured .
The flag is a simplified combination of two single pennons , the vexillological word for a pennant .
Its crimson red is the colour of the rhododendron , the country 's national flower .
According to the usda the average family of four is spending somewhere between $ 544 to $ 1235 per month for food eaten at home .
That s a huge range ! they break it down into 4 plans : thrifty , low - cost , moderate , and liberal .
The four bases found in dna are adenine ( abbreviated a ) , cytosine ( c ) , guanine ( g ) and thymine ( t ) .
These four bases are attached to the sugar phosphate to form the complete nucleotide , as shown for adenosine monophosphate .
The earliest confirmed 3d film shown to an out - of - house audience was the power of love , which premiered at the ambassador hotel theater in los angeles on 27 september 1922 .
Raipur rapr pronunciation ( helpinfo ) ) is a city in the raipur district of the indian state of chhattisgarh .
It is the capital city of the state of chhattisgarh and is the administrative headquarters of raipur district .
Heineken lager beer ( dutch : heineken pilsener ) , or simply heineken ( dutch pronunciation : inkn ) , is a pale lager beer with 5 alcohol by volume produced by the dutch brewing company heineken international .
The average salary for deutsche bank jobs is $ 71,000 .
Average deutsche bank salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
This salary was calculated using the average salary for all jobs with the term deutsche bank anywhere in the job listing .
The social security trust fund was created in 1939 as part of the amendments enacted in that year .
From its inception , the trust fund has always worked the same way .
In 1488 , at thirteen , michelangelo was apprenticed to ghirlandaio .
When he was only fourteen , his father persuaded ghirlandaio to pay his apprentice as an artist , which was highly unusual at the time .
Actor johnny depp was born john christopher depp ii , in owensboro , kentucky , on june 9 , 1963 , to parents john and betty sue depp .
After two more years of war , which killed half of venezuela 's white population , the country achieved independence from spain in 1821 under the leadership of its most famous son , simn bolvar .
If this is your first pregnancy , you may not feel your baby move until closer to 25 weeks .
By the second pregnancy , some women start to feel movements as early as 13 weeks .
Some vegetables that contain more than 2 micrograms of selenium per cupful include raw broccoli , cooked plantains , cooked brussels sprouts , cooked fresh spinach and shelled soybeans .
Asparagus provides close to 4 micrograms in four cooked spears .
Believe is a song written by ronnie dunn and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .
Windex is a glass and hard-surface cleaner manufactured since 1933 .
S c johnson acquired windex in 1993 and has been manufacturing it since .
The product was reformulated in 2006 .
The first american - made glass ornaments were created by william demuth in new york in 1870 .
In 1880 , woolworth 's began selling lauscha glass ornaments .
In 1988 , red ribbon week , sponsored by national family partnership , became a national campaign .
It is celebrated from october 23 through october 31 .
Canada geese are primarily herbivores , although they sometimes eat small insects and fish .
Their diet includes green vegetation and grains .
The canada goose eats a variety of grasses when on land .
Most americorps work is a full - time commitment , not something you can do on your weekends or the occasional evening after work .
Most americorps positions expect 1,700 hours of service in a year , and some do not permit you to hold another job during your term of service .
Some monosaccharides have a sweet taste .
Examples of monosaccharides include glucose ( dextrose ) , fructose ( levulose ) and galactose .
Monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides ( such as sucrose and lactose ) and polysaccharides ( such as cellulose and starch ) .
Vande mataram ( bengali script : , devanagari : , vande mtaram ) literally , i praise thee , mother is a poem from bankim chandra chatterjee 's 1882 novel anandamath .
It was written in bengali and sanskrit .
It has a commercial district based and centered on illinois route 64 .
The population was 17,519 at the 2010 census , up from 12,020 at the 2000 census .
Sycamore is the county seat of dekalb county .
Sycamore was named after the sycamore tree .
Horn further testified that alexander may have been dead at the time the gunshot was inflicted , and that the back wounds were shallow .
Alexander 's death was ruled a homicide .
He was buried at the olivewood cemetery in riverside , california .
They provide the eye 's color sensitivity .
The green and red cones are concentrated in the fovea centralis .
The blue cones have the highest sensitivity and are mostly found outside the fovea , leading to some distinctions in the eye 's blue perception .
Average employment specialist salaries .
The average salary for employment specialist jobs is $ 55,000 .
Average employment specialist salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Pawn stars began with brent montgomery and colby gaines of leftfield pictures , who were struck by the array of eclectic and somewhat seedy pawn shops in las vegas during a 2008 weekend visit to the city .
She is voiced by daveigh chase in all the films and the television series except lilo stitch 2 : stitch has a glitch where she was voiced by dakota fanning .
It is a collection of definitions , postulates ( axioms ) , propositions ( theorems and constructions ) , and mathematical proofs of the propositions .
The thirteen books cover euclidean geometry and the ancient greek version of elementary number theory .
Crusoe returns to england twenty - eight years after being shipwrecked on the island , and four years after rescuing friday .
Gray bats can live up to 17 years , but only about 50 of gray bats survive to maturity .
Sexual maturity occurs at about age 2 .
The adt monitoring monthly fee for the essentials package is $ 36.99 , which comes to a little over $ 9 per week .
To put that cost in perspective , you might spend as much on your daily cup of coffee .
Snakeskin may either refer to the shed skin of a living snake after moulting or to a type of leather that is made from the hide of a dead snake .
It includes thirteen ranks of each of the four french suits , clubs ( ) , diamonds ( ) , hearts ( ) and spades ( ) , with reversible court or face cards .
The septuagint contains the standard 39 books of the old testament canon , as well as certain apocryphal books .
Darkness , darkness is a song written by jesse colin young , with an intro performed by charlie daniels .
In 1969 which has been covered by many artists .
Young 's band the youngbloods released a version on their 1969 album elephant mountain .
Freud was born in frieberg , moravia in 1856 , but when he was four years old his family moved to vienna where he was to live and work until the last years of his life .
Top thrill dragster is a steel accelerator roller coaster built by intamin at cedar point in sandusky , ohio , united states .
It was the sixteenth roller coaster built at the park since the blue streak in 1964 .
Netflix also made claymore available for streaming , but the series has been removed as of april 2012 .
All 26 episodes are available on hulu , however , and funimation via their streaming video service and dvd .
Flappy bird , by comparison , had about 50 million total downloads just before it was removed and was generating $ 50,000 per day .
It 's unclear how many daily active users it had .
He is of greek descent .
Angel was raised in elmont until fourth grade , when his family moved to east meadow , new york .
His father , john sarantakos , owned a restaurant and doughnut shop .
The islands became an independent state within the commonwealth of nations on 1 november 1981 , with elizabeth ii as the first queen of antigua and barbuda .
The right honourable vere cornwall bird sr became the first prime minister .
Cockatoos prefer to eat seeds , tubers , corms , fruit , flowers and insects .
They often feed in large flocks , particularly when ground - feeding .
Cockatoos are monogamous and nest in tree hollows .
You might wonder what the average costs for bathroom remodeling are .
Actually the definite costs is hardly to answer , but for the average cost , the prices range anywhere from $ 5,000 up to $ 30,000 .
Easter island is famous for its 887 extant monumental statues , called moai , created by the early rapa nui people .
In 1995 , unesco named easter island a world heritage site , with much of the island protected within rapa nui national park .
If you wanted a heloc , you would need a better score .
Mike kinane , retail lending senior product manager for td bank , says homeowners generally need a minimum credit score of 660 to 680 for equity loans .
Loss of rights due to felony conviction takes many forms .
In the united states this includes disenfranchisement , exclusion from jury duty , and loss of the right to possess firearms .
American girl just introduced its 2014 girl of the year , named isabelle palmer .
Isabelle goes to a school for the arts , loves dancing and has a cute pet kitten .
Hsa contribution limits .
The 2015 annual hsa contribution limit for individuals with self - only hdhp coverage is $ 3,350 ( a $ 50 increase from 2014 ) , and the limit for individuals with family hdhp coverage is $ 6,650 ( a $ 100 increase from 2014 ) .
Hdhp minimum required deductibles .
The first transatlantic television signal was sent in 1928 from london to new york by the baird television development company cinema television , although this signal was not broadcast to the public .
If you don't have enough iron stored in your body to make up for the lost iron , you'll develop iron - deficiency anemia .
In women , long or heavy menstrual periods or bleeding fibroids in the uterus may cause low iron levels .
Blood loss that occurs during childbirth is another cause of low iron levels in women .
From wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .
Brandon tyler mcmanus ( born july 25 , 1991 ) is an american football kicker for the denver broncos of the national football league ( nfl ) .
He played college football at temple and was signed by the indianapolis colts as an undrafted free agent in 2013 .
Starbucks corporation , doing business as starbucks coffee , is an american global coffee company and coffeehouse chain based in seattle , washington .
Most people who have laparoscopic hernia repair surgery are able to go home the same day .
Recovery time is about 1 to 2 weeks .
In search of fame and fortune , portuguese explorer ferdinand magellan ( c 1480 - 1521 ) set out from spain in 1519 with a fleet of five ships to discover a western sea route to the spice islands .
What you pay for a bottle : an average price for a full 750 ml bottle of veuve clicquot yellow label , at online retailer liquor outlet wine cellars , is $ 48.15 .
Tortoises generally have the longest lifespans of any animal , and some individuals are known to have lived longer than 150 years .
Because of this , they symbolize longevity in some cultures , such as china .
Jessica whitney dubroff ( may 5 , 1988 april 11 , 1996 ) was a seven - year - old pilot trainee who died attempting to become the youngest person to fly an airplane across the united states .
Formerly married to fellow astronaut bill fisher , and the mother of two children , in 1984 she became the first mother in space .
Fisher is the oldest active american astronaut .
The short answer is , depending on the rainfall and the winter spring temperatures , bluebonnets can begin blooming as early as late february early march .
However , the peak of the bloom season is usually around the first weekend in april .
Alfred wegener was born in berlin in 1880 , where his father was a minister who ran an orphanage .
From an early age he took an interest in greenland , and always walked , skated , and hiked as though training for an expedition .
The cardiac cycle is the sequence of events that occurs when the heart beats .
There are two phases of the cardiac cycle .
In the diastole phase , the heart ventricles are relaxed and the heart fills with blood .
In the systole phase , the ventricles contract and pump blood to the arteries .
The number is a mathematical constant , the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter , commonly approximated as 3.14159 .
In 1413 , warsaw became the capital of the duchy of mazovia , which was incorporated with great poland in 1526 .
After krakw burned , warsaw replaced it ( 1596 ) as poland 's capital .
35811 is a rural zip code in huntsville , alabama .
The northwest arkansas regional airport ( nwara .com ) , just over 30 minutes from rogers in bentonville , arkansas , is the closest airport to the city that offers commercial passenger flights across the united states .
Birds who like it : most birds that eat hulled sunflower seeds eat nuts .
These include woodpeckers , mockingbirds , woodpeckers along with chickadees , titmice , nuthatches , goldfinches , house finches , cardinals , grosbeaks , and jays .
Flint is most known for being the birthplace of general motors , and the flint sit - down strike of 1936 and 1937 , that played a vital role in the formation of the united auto workers .
Recovery time depends on how serious your wrist sprain is .
These injuries may take from two to 10 weeks to heal .
But that 's a rough estimate .
Everyone heals at a different rate .
Cherokee men did most of the hunting , shooting deer , bear , wild turkeys , and small game .
They also fished in the rivers and along the coast .
Cherokee dishes included cornbread , soups , and stews cooked on stone hearths .
Approximately equal amounts of iodine were added to each tube and then stirred the same amount .
You can see from the intensity of the colors that the amount of iodine that dissolves in each solvent varies .
Nonpolar iodine is most soluble in nonpolar carbon tetrachloride and least soluble in polar water .
The average annual salary for a fashion writer was $ 53,000 as of 2013 , according to the job site indeed .
These professionals are journalists so they usually have bachelor 's degrees in journalism or communications .
Employers might also prefer applicants with knowledge or experience in the fashion industry .
A moniker also means a nickname or personal name .
The word often distinguishes personal names from nicknames that became proper names out of former nicknames .
English examples are bob and rob , nickname variants for robert .
Pinto beans are native to mexico , and are use in many traditional dishes of this region , including refried beans .
Pinto typically take around 90 days to grow as a dry bean , but can be harvested sooner and eaten as a green snap bean .
Normal blood pressure .
Normal blood pressure for adults is defined as a systolic pressure below 120 mmhg and a diastolic pressure below 80 mmhg .
It is normal for blood pressures to change when you sleep , wake up , or are excited or nervous .
Woody was created in 1940 by lantz and storyboard artist ben bugs hardaway , who had previously laid the groundwork for two other screwball characters , bugs bunny and daffy duck , at the warner bros cartoon studio in the late 1930s .
The russian avant - garde reached its creative and popular height in the period between the russian revolution of 1917 and 1932 , at which point the ideas of the avant - garde clashed with the newly emerged state - sponsored direction of socialist realism .
Whitney elizabeth houston was born into a musical family on 9 august 1963 , in newark , new jersey , the daughter of gospel star cissy houston , cousin of singing star dionne warwick and goddaughter of soul legend aretha franklin .
Equations and expressions are closely related .
The primary difference between the two is an equals sign .
An equation has a left side , a right side and an equals sign separating the sides .
An expression , by contrast , doesn't have any sides and is simply what the name suggests : an algebraic expression .
Limerence lasts longer than romantic love , but not usually as long as a healthy , committed partnerships .
By tennov 's estimates , limerence can last a few weeks to several decades , with the average being 18 months to three years .
Most of the filming took place in and around wilmington , north carolina .
Many of the scenes were shot near the battleship uss north carolina and on the university of north carolina wilmington campus .
I 'm just not that manly man .
This humility may be somewhat attributed to his short stature , since he is only five feet , four inches tall .
Baby , i love you is a pop song written by jeff barry , ellie greenwich , and phil spector , produced by spector , and originally recorded in 1963 by the ronettes .
The carving depicts three confederate figures during the civil war : stonewall jackson , robert e lee , and jefferson davis .
Stone mountain was once owned by the venable brothers and was the site of the founding of the second ku klux klan in 1915 .
It was purchased by the state of georgia in 1958 .
The cost of a professionally built pressured - treated wood deck starts at about $ 15 per square foot , including materials .
The cost for an elaborately built deck using costly hardwoods or composite materials can run about $ 35 per square foot .
Defaulting on a loan can adversely affect credit for many years .
Default typically occurs when a loan receives no payment for 270 days .
The loan leaves repayment status and is due in full when the lender requests .
Filming of this segment , along with in - studio segments take place at the former marine corps air station el toro , now known as the orange county great park , in irvine , california .
Richard iii was killed in the battle of bosworth in 1485 , deposed at the age of just 32 after just two years on the throne by the forces of henry tudor , who became king henry vii .
Summit entertainment s the twilight saga : breaking dawn will be filmed in both baton rouge , louisiana and vancouver over the next year starting this fall .
The more light the object absorbs , the more heat absorbed since light is energy .
If you consider it a color , black absorbs the most heat .
A black object absorbs all wavelengths of light and reflects none .
Earning that degree usually takes at least 2 years of full - time postgraduate study .
Most applicants to physician assistant education programs already have a bachelor s degree and some healthcare - related work experience .
All states require physician assistants to be licensed .
Though there are varied accounts of his death , the traditional version sees him as having hanged himself following the betrayal .
His place among the twelve apostles was later filled by matthias .
The song is sometimes confused with a similarly titled composition when the saints are marching in from 1896 by katharine purvis ( lyrics ) and james milton black ( music ) .
The typical salary for a cessna senior aerospace engineer ranges from $ 71,515 - $ 78,286 , with an average salary of $ 74,900 .
Salary estimates based on 1 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by cessna senior aerospace engineer employees .
Salaries by job .
Jupiter 's red spot the distance from the sun to jupiter is approximately 779 million km , or 484 million miles .
The exact number is 778,547,200 km .
The lead vocals were sung by jordan knight .
Danny wood sang step 1 , donnie wahlberg sang step 2 , jordan knight sang step 3 , joey mcintyre sang step 4 , and jonathan knight sang step 5 .
World ventures founders wayne nugent and mike azcue wanted to combine the best of the internet and the travel industry to form a travel based network marketing company .
They launched it in december of 2005 from las vegas .
A study by the university of glasgow suggested that a civil jury of 12 people was ineffective because a few jurors ended up dominating the discussion , and that seven was a better number because more people feel comfortable speaking , and they have an easier time reaching a unanimous decision .
How to get there : the mule canyon ruin site is located about 20 miles south and west of blanding , ut .
It may be accessed from highway 95 .
It has a paved parking area which is well signed on the north side of the highway .
Corporate tax is imposed in the united states at the federal , most state , and some local levels on the income of entities treated for tax purposes as corporations .
Federal tax rates on corporate taxable income vary from 15 to 35 .
The mint makes something like 13 billion pennies a year , accounting for two - thirds of all u.s coinage .
Half of these pennies will disappear from circulation within a year , having been squirreled away in penny jars and who knows where else .
Adult emperor penguins stand up to 110 130 cm ( 43 51 in ) tall .
The weight ranges from 22.7 to 45.4 kg ( 50 to 100 lb ) and varies by sex , with males weighing more than females .
It is the fifth heaviest living bird species , after only the larger varieties of ratite .
Noah webster ( 1758 1843 ) , the author of the readers and spelling books that dominated the american market at the time , spent decades of research in compiling his dictionaries .
His first dictionary , a compendious dictionary of the english language , appeared in 1806 .
But not everyone can afford to shell out the cash for sessions , which can cost up to $ 100 per hour , according to jessica kiel , president - elect of the maryland dietetic association .
To be considered a rainforest , annual rainfall in an area must be 75 inches at a minimum , and most rainforests get over 100 inches of rain every year .
Moreover , temperatures in a rainforest are warm year - round .
The cranial cavity , or intracranial space , is the space formed inside the skull .
The brain occupies the cranial cavity , which is lined by the meninges and which contains cerebrospinal fluid to cushion blows .
Requiem for a heavyweight was adapted for the screen by rod serling , who originally wrote the script as a teleplay for the television show playhouse 90 .
The pledge of allegiance was written in august 1892 by francis bellamy ( 1855 1931 ) , who was a baptist minister , a christian socialist , and the cousin of socialist utopian novelist edward bellamy ( 1850 1898 ) .
On average , a radiologic technologist in alabama is able to earn an annual salary of $ 61,000 .
This figure is well above the median income level for alabama , and is also slightly higher than the nationwide average for radiologic technologists .
Before sheridan , he was linked with actresses heather locklear , lara flynn boyle , julie bowen and krista allen .
And in august , spade 's ex - girlfriend , playboy playmate jillian grace , gave birth to his daughter .
Princeton is a city in patoka township , gibson county , indiana , united states .
The population was 8,175 at the 2000 census , and it is part of the greater evansville , indiana , metropolitan area .
The city is the county seat of gibson county .
The iconic images of jupiter show that it reflects many shades of white , red , orange , brown , and yellow .
The color of jupiter changes with storms and wind in the planet s atmosphere .
Fios quantum is the top tier of verizon fios speeds ranging from 50 50 mbps to 500 500 mbps .
So many electronic devices are now able to log online .
Aside from your typical tablet , home computer or smartphone , other devices , such as wireless printers , security systems and tvs , rely on your internet connection as well .
During major games ( playoff contests , opening day , national holidays , or games against boston or the mets ) , the yankees will often have irish tenor ronan tynan perform the song .
It is one of the largest banks in the world in terms of market capitalization .
As its name suggests , the company originated in santander , cantabria , spain .
The primary kelly green color was changed to a darker shade , officially described as midnight green .
Silver was practically abandoned , as uniform pants moved to either white or midnight green .
While the fbi has not released the number of police killings in 2014 so far , the database puts the number of people killed by police as of december 10 this year at a staggering 1,029 three people killed by police every day , on average with three weeks remaining on the calendar .
The declaration , the constitution , and the bill of rights are currently housed in the national archives .
All three are written on parchment , not hemp paper .
Parchment is treated animal skin , typically sheepskin .
The declaration was inked with iron gall ink .
Mile for mile , michigan has more snow cover than any other u.s state .
Grand rapids reports 18 inches of snow on the ground this morning .
Buffalo , new york has nine inches .
Minneapolis has 12 inches on the ground .
The ischioanal fossa ( formerly called ischiorectal fossa ) is the fat - filled space located lateral to the anal canal and inferior to the pelvic diaphragm .
The number of square miles thought to be under islamic state control , a stretch between syria and iraq that is roughly the size of belgium .
Other estimates suggest the islamic state controls an area closer to 35,000 square miles , or roughly the size of jordan .
In 1945 , the soviet union and the united states agreed on the surrender of japanese forces in korea in the aftermath of world war ii , leaving korea partitioned along the 38th parallel , with the north under soviet occupation and the south under u.s occupation .
The ideology is associated with the national fascist party , which under benito mussolini ruled the kingdom of italy from 1922 until 1943 , the republican fascist party that ruled the italian social republic from 1943 to 1945 , the post - war italian social movement and subsequent italian neo-fascist movements .
Spider - man 3 is a 2007 american superhero film produced by marvel entertainment and laura ziskin productions , and distributed by columbia pictures based on the fictional marvel comics character spider-man .
It was directed by sam raimi and scripted by sam and ivan raimi and alvin sargent .
The shelf life of an opened bottle of fortified wine will vary depending on the specific wine type .
Manzanilla or fino sherry , for instance , should be consumed within one week of opening if stored properly in the refrigerator .
Maddie ziegler was born 11 years ago , but when her mom chose to allow her daughter to dance in pop star sia 's new chandelier music video in a nude leotard and blunt - cut platinum blond wig , it felt like we may have just witnessed the girl s birth as an underage sex symbol .
The punic wars were a series of three wars fought between rome and carthage from 264 bc to 146 bc .
At the time , they were probably the largest wars that had ever taken place .
The greater the difference , the higher the voltage reading .
An oxygen sensor will typically generate up to about 0.9 volts when the fuel mixture is rich and there is little unburned oxygen in the exhaust .
When the mixture is lean , the sensor 's output voltage will drop down to about 0.1 volts .
The 2015 edition of maya lt has seen its price slashed by $ 20 , making it more affordable to indie devs .
The animation and modelling software from autodesk is now available for $ 30 per month , down from $ 50 which , the company points out , is less than a dollar per day .
Unless you 're in february , of course .
Insane clown posse ( icp ) is an american hip hop duo from detroit , michigan .
The group is composed of joseph bruce and joseph utsler , who perform under the respective personas of the wicked clowns violent j and shaggy 2 dope ( originally 2 dope ) .
The leaves of the red maple offer the easiest way to distinguish it from its relatives .
As with nearly all maple trees , they are deciduous and arranged oppositely on the twig .
Average label specialist salaries .
The average salary for label specialist jobs is $ 52,000 .
Average label specialist salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The show takes place at the fictional greendale community college in greendale , colorado .
Harmon based the show on his own experiences in community college , and partly modeled the character of jeff winger on himself .
63123 is a suburban zip code in saint louis , missouri .
The population is primarily white , and mostly married couples .
The disease is named after the swiss pediatrician who originally described this disorder , guido fanconi .
It should not be confused with fanconi syndrome , a kidney disorder also named after fanconi .
The first electric bread toaster was invented by alan macmasters in edinburgh , scotland in 1893 .
So it takes relatively 8 or 9 months to create an episode but many are made at a time .
Periodically , steam runs ginormous sales of practically every game they sell .
These steam sales usually come around in the summer ( ie , mid - july ) and a couple times in the winter ( ie , black friday and christmas ) .
If you are under 18 years of age , you must obtain a work permit before starting a new job .
The climate in greece is predominantly mediterranean .
However , due to the country 's unique geography , greece has a remarkable range of micro-climates and local variations .
To the west of the pindus mountain range , the climate is generally wetter and has some maritime features .
Big red is a cinnamon - flavored chewing gum introduced by the william wrigley jr company in 1976 .
Inhaler overuse ( overdose ) may prove to be very harmful .
Symptoms of overuse may include dry mouth , fast heart rate , chest pain , nausea , dizziness , insomnia , and could be potentially fatal .
Advertisement .
2014 organizedwisdom.com all rights reserved .
With all three pumps under ideal conditions , the fountain reaches 560 feet ( 170 m ) in height , though in normal operation only two of the pumps are used , with a fountain height of around 300 feet ( 91 m ) feet .
When built , it was the world 's tallest fountain and held that record for over a decade .
Woodinville is a city in king county , washington , united states .
The population was 10,938 at the 2010 census .
It is part of the seattle metropolitan area .
Mr bronnenmeier , the ceo of grob systems , an automotive company in bluffton , was described as a flying enthusiast who had upgraded to a lancair after piloting cessnas .
In classical mythology , cupid ( latin cupido , meaning desire ) is the god of desire , erotic love , attraction and affection .
September is the ninth month of the year in and has 30 days .
It was originally the seventh month of the roman calendar until 153 bce .
The talking dragon smaug ( performed by benedict cumberbatch ) presented design challenges in the hobbit : the desolation of smaug ( photo : warner bros pictures ) .
Mr holter 's shunt went on to save hundreds of thousands of lives , and he went on to become a celebrated medical inventor and philanthropist , who had homes in st petersburg and lakeland .
The two - seater sports car can accelerate from zero to 62 miles per hour , or 100 kilometers , in only 3 seconds flat and has a top speed of about 217 mph 350 km , according to lamborghini .
The first appearance of the word and image b in the united states came from the popular 1920 frances marion film , the flapper , starring olive thomas .
The average current - account relationship lasts 17 years , while the average british marriage which ends in divorce lasts just 11 years and six months .
A simple project to raise a slab of concrete will cost less than , if there is a large void under the slab requiring more material .
In general terms , concrete raising can cost between $ 2 - $ 5 per square foot .
The median annual wage for physical therapist aides was $ 23,880 in may 2012 .
The lowest 10 percent earned less than $ 17,540 , and the top 10 percent earned more than $ 35,420 .
Earth lies at an average distance of 149.60 million kilometers ( 92.957 million miles ) from the sun and a complete orbit occurs every 365.256 days ( 1 sidereal year ) , during which time earth travels 940 million kilometers ( 584 million miles ) .
Normal newborn temperature is around 97.8 to 98.8 f ( axillary ) .
If your baby is warmer than this , think about whether or not he is overdressed , adjust the clothing , and recheck the temperature within 30 - 45 minutes .
Fruits found in costa rica include papaya , mango , pia ( pineapple ) , sanda ( watermelon ) , meln ( cantaloupe ) , moras ( blackberries ) , limones ( lemons ) , guayaba ( guava ) , granadilla ( passion fruit ) , and aguacates ( avocados ) .
A e is channel 118 on the dish network channel guide .
This channel is also broadcast in hd ( high definition ) .
Depending on the equipment you want on your car , the price range for the singer 911 can go from $ 190,000 all the way up to a cool $ 300,000 .
Some producers add citric acid or ascorbic acid to juice beyond what is naturally found in the orange .
Some also include other nutrients .
Often , additional vitamin c is added to replace that destroyed in pasteurization .
Additional calcium may be added .
In 1970 , hawaii became the first state to legalize abortions on the request of the woman , and new york repealed its 1830 law and allowed abortions up to the 24th week of pregnancy .
Similar laws were soon passed in alaska and washington .
The empire state building does not sway , it gives .
With a wind of 110 miles an hour , the building gives 1.48 inches .
One of the first vibrators was called the ' tremoussoir ' invented in france during 1734 .
The first steam - powered vibrator was called the manipulator , which was invented by american physician george taylor , m.d in 1869 .
The temperature in the photosphere is about 10,000 degrees f ( 5 , 500 degrees c ) .
It is here that the sun 's radiation is detected as sunlight .
Sunspots on the photosphere are cooler and darker than the surrounding area .
A jewish boy automatically becomes a bar mitzvah upon reaching the age of 13 years , and a girl upon reaching the age of 12 years .
No ceremony is needed to confer these rights and obligations .
In 2010 , dementia resulted in about 486,000 deaths .
It was first described by , and later named after , german psychiatrist and pathologist alois alzheimer in 1906 .
In developed countries , ad is one of the most financially costly diseases .
The leader of communist russia , joseph stalin , was paranoid of opposition .
It was this paranoia that led to the great purge where millions of people were executed or sent to labor camps in siberia .
Halloumi and imported blue cheese contained the highest average amount of salt ( 2.71g 100g ) , more salty than seawater ( 2.5g 100g ) , whereas cottage cheese contained the lowest average amount of salt ( 0.55g 100g ) .
As of september 8 , there were 12,937 starbucks stores in the united states .
That 's more than the number of pizza huts , burger kings or dunkin ' donuts , but less than the number of subways or mcdonald 's .
The average salary for lpn care coordinator jobs is $ 51,000 .
Average lpn care coordinator salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
This salary was calculated using the average salary for all jobs with the term lpn care coordinator anywhere in the job listing .
The original estimates put forth by the port authority had the costs for construction of the world trade center at $ 350 millionan optimistic figure .
In december 1966 , the port authority announced increased cost estimates , bringing the estimated total to $ 575 million .
It is an allegory telling of the journey of dante through hell , guided by the roman poet virgil .
In the poem , hell is depicted as nine circles of suffering located within the earth .
The chainsmokers , composed of drew taggart and alex pall , had noticed how the word selfie had become a trend and they wanted to take advantage of it .
They made a demo of a song containing monologue from a female clubber about taking good selfies .
Cuomo won the november 2010 gubernatorial election and was sworn in as the 56th governor of the state of new york on january 1 , 2011 .
Also , these symptoms are characteristically worse at night .
In general , dt is considered the most severe manifestation of alcohol withdrawal and occurs 3 10 days following the last drink .
The average salary for building automation jobs is $ 71,000 .
Average building automation salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
The dean of harvard law school is the head of harvard law school .
The current dean is martha minow , the 12th person , and second woman to hold the post .
But , as with all mobile broadband plans , the monthly bill is ridiculous .
You have two options : $ 40 per month for 250 mb of data , or $ 60 per month for 5 gb ( 5120 megabytes ) of data .
Some versions list george vaughn as a co - author the name is a pseudonym for vaughn horton , who wrote the new lyrics for bill monroe 's new mule skinner blues the second version recorded by monroe .
) .
It 's another case of life imitating art as actress katharine mcphee was caught kissing married smash director michael morris , in a scandal that 's quite similar to a plotline on their now - canceled show .
Carter was married three times and had one child with each husband .
All three of her children would go on to have successful careers in country music .
Lord capulet is the patriarch of the capulet family , the father of juliet , and uncle of tybalt .
He is very wealthy .
However , camden , a city with an estimated population of 80,000 in 2012 , is by far the most violent .
With 1,993 violent crimes in 2012 , camden had a per capita violent crime rate of 2.6 percent , the report found .
Overview of gastrointestinal symptoms .
Gastrointestinal ( gi ) symptoms are common medical conditions .
Most people have experienced upset stomach , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , gas in the gi tract , or changes in bowel habits ( e.g , diarrhea , constipation ) .
The octagonal shape is used as a design element in architecture .
The dome of the rock has a characteristic octagonal plan .
The tower of the winds in athens is another example of an octagonal structure .
Diseases transmitted by mosquitoes include : malaria , dengue , filariasis , west nile virus , chikungunya , yellow fever , japanese encephalitis , saint louis encephalitis , western equine encephalitis , eastern equine encephalitis , venezuelan equine encephalitis , la crosse encephalitis and zika fever .
Trevor einhorn makes his first appearance as frederick crane .
He is the fourth actor to play the role .
Christopher and kevin graves played frederick in cheers , and luke tarsitano played frederick in frasier grinch .
The typical salary for a vail school district teacher ranges from $ 33,792 - $ 43,327 , with an average salary of $ 39,999 .
Salaries estimates based on 3 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by vail school district teacher employees .
Salaries by job .
Salaries by company .
The san diego comic-con international 2010 featured riordan as a guest .
Riordan lives in boston with his wife , becky , and their two sons patrick and haley , who inspired his percy jackson series , as a bedtime story .
The islands vary geologically from high mountainous islands to low coral atolls , with volcanic outcroppings on pohnpei , kosrae , and chuuk .
They are located 3,200 mi ( 5 , 150 km ) west - southwest of hawaii , in the north pacific ocean .
Mraz was born and raised in mechanicsville , virginia .
He is of czech descent through his grandfather , who moved to the united states from austria-hungary in 1915 .
His surname is czech for frost .
Having a shape and body similar to that of a snake , electric eels are freshwater fishes found in large number in the backwaters of amazon and orinoco rivers .
Adolf hitler killed himself by gunshot on 30 april 1945 in his fhrerbunker in berlin a b c his wife eva ( ne braun ) committed suicide with him by taking cyanide .
D that afternoon , in accordance with hitler 's prior instructions , their remains were carried up the stairs through the bunker 's emergency exit , doused in petrol , and set alight in the reich chancellery garden outside the bunker .
Odysseus finally escapes and is shipwrecked and befriended by the phaeacians .
After telling them his story , the phaeacians led by king alcinous agree to help odysseus get home .
They deliver him at night , while he is fast asleep , to a hidden harbor on ithaca .
The maxim gun , which was invented by sir hiram stevens maxim in 1883 , was the first recoil - operated machine gun .
It has been called the weapon most associated with british imperial conquest .
The acetic acid is produced by the fermentation of ethanol by acetic acid bacteria .
Vinegar is now mainly used as a cooking ingredient .
Non - air crewmembers : servicemembers , who under competent orders , perform hazardous duties such as : flying duty as non - crewmembers , parachute jumping , demolition of explosives , handle toxic fuels , engage in flight deck duty or experimental stress duty , and so on earn $ 150 per month .
The earliest recorded birth of polar bears in captivity was on 11 october 2011 in the toronto zoo .
On average , each litter has two cubs .
Bill thomason became the seventh president and chief executive officer of keeneland on september 1 , 2012 .
He was previously the vice president and chief financial officer , having joined keeneland in june 2010 .
Nba tv is available at no additional charge as part of the u - verse tv u300 package on channel 632 and part of the hd technology fee on channel 1632 .
Following the golden age of comic books and an interregnum in the early to mid - 1950s , the silver age is considered to cover the period from 1956 to circa 1970 , and was succeeded by the bronze and modern ages .
Sweet 'n low was first introduced in 1957 by benjamin eisenstadt and his son , marvin eisenstadt .
The elder eisenstadt had earlier invented the sugar packet , but neglected to patent it , and artificial sweetener packets were an outgrowth of that business .
G.i jane is a 1997 american action film directed by ridley scott , produced by largo entertainment , scott free productions and caravan pictures , distributed by hollywood pictures and starring demi moore , viggo mortensen and anne bancroft .
Some people need blood or parts of blood because of illnesses .
You may need a blood transfusion if you have : a severe infection or liver disease that stops your body from properly making blood or some parts of blood .
An illness that causes anemia , such as kidney disease or cancer .
Approximately 620,000 soldiers died from combat , accident , starvation , and disease during the civil war .
This number comes from an 1889 study of the war performed by william f fox and thomas leonard livermore .
Both men fought for the union .
The traditional czech diet may be considered heavy , with an emphasis on meat , potatoes , and dumplings and the use of substantial amounts of animal fats , butter , and cream .
The average elevation of the blue ridge area is 5,000 feet ( 1,500 m ) above sea level .
Clingmans dome , the state 's highest point , is located in this region .
Da vinci reportedly began work on the mona lisa in 1503 , and was believed to have finished it shortly before his death in 1519 .
The mona lisa is on display at the louvre in paris .
Micco is a census-designated place ( cdp ) in brevard county , florida .
The population was 9,052 at the 2010 united states census .
It is part of the palm bay melbourne titusville metropolitan statistical area .
Pasadena psdin is a city in los angeles county , california , united states .
As of 2013 , the estimated population of pasadena was 139,731 , making it the 183rd - largest city in the united states .
Fredericksburg is the seat of gillespie county , in the u.s state of texas .
As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 10,530 .
Fredericksburg was founded in 1846 and named after prince frederick of prussia .
Unifying characteristics of the traditional asian diet include high consumption of plant foods , including vegetables , fruits , beans , legumes , nuts , and vegetable oil .
The longest confirmed sniper kill in combat was achieved by craig harrison , a corporal of horse ( coh ) in the blues and royals rhg d of the british army .
If , however , you are close enough to our california , tennessee or new jersey warehouses , you can get local express delivery for certain items .
Check your item 's shipping options during check out for details .
For example , scientists have identified at least 27 different rhyolite lava flows that erupted after the most recent caldera eruptions , about 640,000 years ago , from vents inside the caldera .
The most recent was about 70,000 years ago .
By this time most of the hens are laying eggs or incubating .
The average clutch for wild turkeys is about 11 eggs and incubation takes 28 days .
In missouri , most young turkeys hatch in late may and early june .
Lsd was first synthesized by albert hofmann in 1938 from ergotamine , a chemical derived by arthur stoll from ergot , a grain fungus that typically grows on rye .
In wa the average underwater welding salary is $ 79,000 per year .
New york offers a underwater welding salary range of $ 80,000 per year .
The top underwater welding salary can be found in the state of california .
In california the average underwater welding salary is $ 86,000 per year .
Greenwood is governed via a mayor - council system .
The mayor is elected at - large .
The city council consists of six members who are elected from one of six wards .
The current mayor of greenwood is welborn adams .
The bladder is lined by layers of muscle tissue that stretch to accommodate urine .
The normal capacity of the bladder is 400 to 600 ml .
During urination , the bladder muscles contract , and two sphincters ( valves ) open to allow urine to flow out .
The thoracic cavity is the more superior subdivision of the anterior cavity , and it is enclosed by the rib cage .
The thoracic cavity contains the lungs and the heart , which is located in the mediastinum .
The diaphragm forms the floor of the thoracic cavity and separates it from the more inferior abdominopelvic cavity .
With current technology , our robotic missions usually take about 8 months to travel to mars .
We are exploring options that will minimize the duration of a human trip to mars .
The 2010 live - action film alice in wonderland , fashioned as a sequel to the novel , features helena bonham carter as the red queen .
Bonham carter 's head was digitally increased three times its original size on screen .
Average assistant medical director salaries .
The average salary for assistant medical director jobs is $ 53,000 .
Average assistant medical director salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Following norway 's decision not to join the eu , it remained one of the members of the european economic area which also includes iceland and liechtenstein ( all former members have joined the eu , and switzerland rejected membership ) .
Vlez is a surname of spanish origin .
In the philippines and the united states it is usually written unaccented velez .
Attack on titan author hajime isayama was recently a guest on an internet tv show in japan .
The program was broadcast on nottv , japan 's first dedicated tv station for smartphones .
Under winn , churchill downs prospered and the kentucky derby then became the preeminent stakes race for three - year - old thoroughbred horses in north america .
The average salary for us navy seabees jobs is $ 50,000 .
Average us navy seabees salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Aretha louise franklin was born in memphis , tennessee , the daughter of barbara ( ne siggers ) and clarence lavaughn franklin .
Before the absorption in the small intestine , most proteins are already reduced to single amino acid or peptides of several amino acids .
Most peptides longer than four amino acids are not absorbed .
Absorption into the intestinal absorptive cells is not the end .
The aqua - lung was invented in paris during the winter of 1942 1943 by two frenchmen the engineer mile gagnan and naval lieutenant ( lieutenant de vaisseau ) jacques cousteau .
About the poster .
The notice to employer and employee poster covers minimum wage and workers rights information for the state of arkansas .
The current minimum wage for the state is $ 7.50 , and increases to $ 8.00 effective january 1 , 2016 with another increase to $ 8.50 effective january 1 , 2017 .
Federal authorities today urged law enforcement across the country to be alert for possible attacks inside the united states in retaliation for u.s airstrikes against the islamic group isis , the brutal terrorist group that beheaded american journalist james foley and has seized vast swaths of territory in iraq and syria .
Initially the super bowl trophy was just called the world professional football championship trophy .
It remained that way until 1970 , when it was renamed the vince lombardi trophy , in honor of the coach who died suddenly from cancer in september of 1970 .
A unique cone - bearing plant in the order welwitschiales , welwitschia mirabilis is often called a living fossil and is the only species in its genus , which is the only genus in its family , which is the only family in its order .
Scorsese 's first cut of the wolf of wall street clocked in at 180 minutes in length the theatrical cut will be 165 minutes .
Marty 's work is fantastic .
Founded in 1926 by the radio corporation of america ( rca ) , nbc is the oldest major broadcast network in the united states .
Sodium hypochlorite is a chemical compound with the formula naclo .
It is composed of a sodium cation ( na ) and a hypochlorite anion ( clo ) it may also be viewed as the sodium salt of hypochlorous acid .
When dissolved in water it is commonly known as bleach , or liquid bleach .
The carrier dome was constructed between april 1979 and september 1980 .
The total construction cost was $ 26.85 million , including a $ 2.75 million naming gift from the carrier corporation .
Huber , hunt and nichols , inc was the general contractor .
In 1902 , the first modern electrical air conditioning unit was invented by willis carrier in buffalo , new york .
After graduating from cornell university , carrier found a job at the buffalo forge company .
The equator passes through 13 countries : ecuador , colombia , brazil , sao tome principe , gabon , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , uganda , kenya , somalia , maldives , indonesia and kiribati .
For more information about these places , visit our countries of the world page .
As the inca civil war raged , in 1531 the spanish landed in ecuador .
Led by francisco pizarro , the conquistadors learned that the conflict and disease were destroying the empire after receiving reinforcements in september 1532 , pizzaro set out to the newly victorious atahualpa .
Richmond , va - - michael vick was sentenced to 23 months in prison monday for running a cruel and inhumane dogfighting ring and lying about it .
Hand sorting the 1982 copper from the zinc pennies .
1982 was the transition year for the us mint to stop making pennies from copper and switch to zinc .
Examples of common human diseases caused by viruses include the common cold , influenza , chickenpox , and cold sores .
Many serious diseases such as ebola virus disease , aids , avian influenza , and sars are caused by viruses .
The u.s poverty rate was essentially unchanged at 15 percent in 2012 , as roughly 46.5 million people were stuck living at or below the poverty line , the u.s census bureau reported tuesday .
Eastern painted turtles eat many plants , including duckweed , algae , and water lilies .
They also eat earthworms , insects , leeches , snails , crayfish , tadpoles , frogs , fish , and carrion .
Carrion is dead animal matter .
Fire ant queens typically live 2 - 6 years ( an average of about 3 years ) .
The record longevity of a queen is 7 years .
Males die a short time after they swarm and mate .
45211 is a suburban zip code in cincinnati , ohio .
The population is primarily white , and about evenly divided between singles and married couples .
Housing prices here ( average $ 113,000 ) are fairly typical for the cincinnati - middletown metro area .
The audio amplifier was invented in 1909 by lee de forest when he invented the triode vacuum tube .
The triode was a three terminal device with a control grid that can modulate the flow of electrons from the filament to the plate .
Stomach and abdomen .
Side effects from radiation therapy to the stomach and abdomen may include nausea , vomiting , or diarrhea .
These symptoms will likely disappear when treatment is completed .
Your doctor can prescribe medications for these side effects , and making changes to your diet may also reduce your discomfort .
Corn is nebraska 's most important crop , with much of it going to feed cattle and hogs .
Other leading crops are soybeans , wheat , hay , and grain sorghum .
Other crops raised in nebraska include beans , sugar beets and potatoes .
Brazile was born in amarillo , texas , and says that he wants to be remembered as a great cowboy .
The royal opera house is an opera house and major performing arts venue in covent garden , central london .
The estrous cycle of the cow is generally about 21 days long , but it can range from 17 to 24 days in duration .
Mortal kombat x is slated for release on april 14 for playstation 4 and xbox one , with ports to ps3 and xbox 360 coming soon .
Under the dome is filming on a sprawling soundstage facility in wilmington operated by eue screen gems .
In addition to the nucleus , eukaryotic cells may contain several other types of organelles , which may include mitochondria , chloroplasts , the endoplasmic reticulum , the golgi apparatus , and lysosomes .
Each of these organelles performs a specific function critical to the cell 's survival .
Chocolate contains a stimulant called theobromine ( a bit like caffeine ) that is poisonous to dogs .
The amount of theobromine differs in the different types of chocolate ( dark chocolate has the most in it ) .
It is effective mainly when those muscles have already partially flexed at the elbow .
The brachioradialis flexes the forearm at the elbow , especially when quick movement is required and when a weight is lifted during slow flexion of the forearm .
The original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
The researchers calculated the simple payback period for the incremental costs of these tankless water heaters .
To make the calculation , they assumed that the incremental cost of installing a non - condensing tankless water heater ranged from $ 1,500 to $ 2,500 .
The disease was first identified in 1976 in two simultaneous outbreaks , one in nzara , and the other in yambuku , a village near the ebola river from which the disease takes its name .
Evd outbreaks occur intermittently in tropical regions of sub-saharan africa .
The dolphins ' first head coach was george wilson , former coach of the detroit lions .
Under wilson , the dolphins had a combined 15 39 2 record in four seasons .
In anatomy , the scapula ( plural scapulae or scapulas ) or shoulder blade , is the bone that connects the humerus ( upper arm bone ) with the clavicle ( collar bone ) .
The documentary covers the history and current practice of noodling as it is practiced in oklahoma .
During the course of the documentary the realization that there were no official noodling contests spawned the first annual okie noodling tournament held in pauls valley , oklahoma .
It was announced friday that adam levine and blake shelton , who have been on the nbc singing competition since its inception , will be reunited in the red chairs with christina aguilera and ceelo green when the voice returns in the fall .
Ronan the accuser may not be a particularly fun guy , but lee pace , who plays ronan in guardians of the galaxy , can be a goofball when the occasion demands it .
As a wholly owned subsidiary of the ball corporation , ball aerospace was cited in 2011 as the 98th largest defense contractor in the world .
Both parent and subsidiary headquarters are co - located in broomfield , colorado .
Jack coffey field is a 7,000 - seat multi - purpose stadium in the bronx , new york .
It is home to the fordham university rams football team and fordham soccer .
The facility opened in 1930 .
The field is named for former fordham baseball coach jack coffey .
French microbiologist louis pasteur is often remembered for his insights into fermentation and its microbial causes .
The science of fermentation is known as zymology .
Major religions in france include catholicism , islam , judaism , various branches of protestantism , hinduism , russian orthodoxy , armenian christianity , and sikhism amongst others , making it a multi confessional country .
In 1940 it was annexed by the soviet union , joined to the moldavian assr , and became the moldavian soviet socialist republic until the dissolution of the ussr .
In 1991 the country declared independence as the republic of moldova .
It was founded in los angeles in 1983 as a joint initiative of ex - lapd chief daryl gates and the los angeles unified school district as a demand - side drug control strategy of the american war on drugs .
Currants are ripening by variety ( red , black , white and pink ) , and blackberries are expected mid - july .
If all else fails , you can wait for the fall red raspberry crops in august .
The typical salary for a houston metro police officer ranges from $ 42,112 - $ 46,402 , with an average salary of $ 44,257 .
Salary estimates based on 1 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by houston metro police officer employees .
Proud owner : 41 - year - old jonah falcon is the proud owner of the world 's largest penis , measuring in at 13.5 inches .
A rough estimate would range between $ 5,000 and $ 9,000 , depending on the certificate being sought .
Some schools are offering the sport pilot certificate for as little as $ 3,000 .
Wisconsin abolished the death penalty in 1853 , just two years after mccaffary 's execution ( in part due to the public revulsion at the spectacle which mccaffary 's execution became ) , becoming just the first state to abolish the death penalty for all crimes .
When you re looking for a place to live , one number rules your world : you should spend no more than 30 percent of your income on housing .
You may hear that rule of thumb from a financial adviser or parent , a landlord or lender .
The president of the united nations general assembly is a position voted for by representatives in the united nations general assembly ( unga ) on a yearly basis .
The president presides over the sessions of the general assembly .
The current officeholder is sam kutesa of uganda .
Garcinia cambogia extract is all - natural , which means it 's absorbed and eliminated by the body properly .
The only side effects reported have been associated with digestive issues such as nausea , vomiting , and digestive tract discomfort .
Average veterinary receptionist salaries .
The average salary for veterinary receptionist jobs is $ 36,000 .
Average veterinary receptionist salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Sales and use tax the woodlands township current sales and use tax rate is 8.25 percent .
Almost all human cases of rabies were fatal until a vaccine was developed in 1885 by louis pasteur and mile roux .
The bacterial culture , which is introduced either deliberately or naturally , sours and thickens the cream .
Its name stems from the production of lactic acid by bacterial fermentation , which is called souring .
The taste of sour cream is only mildly sour .
1985 was originally written and recorded by the band sr-71 , led by mitch allan .
Coal was mined in america in the early 18th century , and commercial mining started around 1730 in midlothian , virginia .
The average salary for daycare owner jobs is $ 37,000 .
Average daycare owner salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Federal and state authorities are currently constructing a tappan zee replacement bridge that will cost at least $ 4 billion .
There is a toll booth that costs $ 5 on the eastbound lane .
A barometer is a scientific instrument used in meteorology to measure atmospheric pressure .
Pressure tendency can forecast short term changes in the weather .
Numerous measurements of air pressure are used within surface weather analysis to help find surface troughs , high pressure systems and frontal boundaries .
Captive frogs and toads have been recorded as living for up to 40 years , an age achieved by a european common toad ( bufo bufo ) .
If 2012 census estimates were accurate , the population density then approximated 70,518 people per square mile ( 27 , 227 km ) .
The average salary for family life educator jobs is $ 47,000 .
Average family life educator salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
This salary was calculated using the average salary for all jobs with the term family life educator anywhere in the job listing .
Uber has said its uberx drivers can make a median income of $ 90,000 a year in new york , as long as they drive over 40 hours per week .
It says drivers can make up to $ 60,000 per year in dallas .
Mosaic of mercury .
Credit : nasa jhuapl ciw mosaic by jason perry mercury is the closest planet to the sun , and so it s the fastest to orbit the sun .
In fact , mercury only takes 88 days to orbit the sun .
Richard nixon ( 1913 - 94 ) , the 37th u.s president , is best remembered as the only president ever to resign from office .
The liver , the kidneys , and the brain ( hypothalamus , the autonomic nervous system and the endocrine system ) help maintain homeostasis .
The liver is responsible for metabolizing toxic substances and maintaining carbohydrate metabolism .
The five titles of the peerage , in descending order of precedence , or rank , are : duke , marquess , earl , viscount , baron .
The highest rank of the peerage , duke , is the most exclusive .
The timing was right in 1969 when the virginia state travel service ( now the virginia tourism corporation ) adopted what would become its world - renowned virginia is for lovers slogan .
John mauchly 's short code , proposed in 1949 , was one of the first high - level languages ever developed for an electronic computer .
Unlike machine code , short code statements represented mathematical expressions in understandable form .
Clarence ray allen was the last inmate to be executed in california in january 2006 .
The typical salary for a raytheon program manager ranges from $ 83,178 - $ 159,435 , with an average salary of $ 122,908 .
Salaries estimates based on 18 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by raytheon program manager employees .
Salaries by job .
Salaries by company .
The settlers , led by empresario haden edwards , declared independence from mexican texas and created the republic of fredonia near nacogdoches .
The short - lived republic encompassed the land the mexican government had granted to edwards in 1825 and included areas that had been previously settled .
The embargo act of 1807 was a general embargo that made illegal any and all exports from the united states .
It was sponsored by president thomas jefferson and enacted by congress .
The goal was to force britain and france to respect american rights during the napoleonic wars .
Costs usually run between $ 600 and $ 3,000 , which are significantly lower than the average full - service funeral that averages around $ 10,000 today .
Cost is also one of the big reasons why the popularity of cremation is soaring .
To be sure that the chicken breasts are cooked thoroughly , use a instant digital cooking or meat thermometer for the proper temperature of 165 degrees f.
During lunch with nfl commissioner pete rozelle in 1966 , tiffany co vice president oscar riedner made a sketch on a cocktail napkin of what would become the vince lombardi trophy .
The original trophy was produced by tiffany co in newark , new jersey .
Blood counts return to normal after 2 months of iron therapy for most people .
You should continue taking supplements for another 6 to 12 months to build up the body 's iron stores in the bone marrow .
Tasmania is world famous for its pure fresh foods , pristine growing conditions and artisan food industry ranging from seafoods , beef , lamb , dairy products , stone fruits , berries , apples , vegetables and rare foods including saffron , truffles and ginseng .
Try these : apples and stone fruits .
Assuming 2,080 hours of a work a year , this translates to an average annual income of $ 48,690 a year .
Graphic designers in the top 10 percent made more than $ 77,370 , and workers in the bottom 10 percent made less than $ 26,210 .
Fifty percent of all graphic designers earned annual incomes between $ 33,410 and $ 59,410 .
State - level proposals for the rescheduling of cannabis have met with mixed success .
Currently , the use of both recreational and medicinal marijuana has been entirely legalized in the states of colorado , washington , alaska and oregon .
Instead , the blame for passing on the disease that wiped out a third of the population of europe could lie with the victims themselves.the black death is widely thought to have been an outbreak of bubonic plague caused by bacteria carried by fleas that lived on black rats .
The typical artists ' paint or pigment color wheel includes the blue , red , and yellow primary colors .
The corresponding secondary colors are green , orange , and violet or purple .
Soy sauce originated in china sometime between the 3rd and 5th century from an older meat - based fermented sauce named jiang ( ) .
Its use later spread to east and southeast asia .
The typical salary for a optiver trader ranges from $ 80,000 - $ 93,837 , with an average salary of $ 88,031 .
Salaries estimates based on 29 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by optiver trader employees .
Most broken toes will heal on their own with proper care at home .
It can take 4 to 6 weeks for complete healing .
Pain and swelling will go away within a few days to a week .
White feather is a 1955 technicolor cinemascope western film directed by robert d webb and starring robert wagner .
The movie was filmed in durango , mexico .
How long will sequestration last? under current law , sequestration is scheduled to last almost nine years , through fy 2021 .
Number 4 ( accounting pinyin s ) is considered an unlucky number in chinese because it is nearly homophonous to the word death ( pinyin s ) .
I always save at least a few dollars on each bottle of wine that i buy at costco.this location has a food court on the outside so the general public can come in and enjoy an all beef hot dog and soda for $ 1.50 , $ 1.99 for a huge slice of pizza and around $ 10 for a huge whole pizza .
Acquisition fees start around $ 400 and seldom are negotiable .
Adjusted capitalized cost the final amount on which lease payments are calculated .
This is the figure arrived at by subtracting the capitalized cost reduction from the gross capitalized cost .
The outsiders is a coming-of-age novel by s e hinton , first published in 1967 by viking press .
Hinton was 15 when she started writing the novel , but did most of the work when she was 16 and a junior in high school .
Mobic ( meloxicam ) is a nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drug ( nsaid ) .
Meloxicam works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body .
The first successful u.s satellite , explorer i , was launched into earth orbit by the army on jan 31 , 1958 , at cape canaveral , florida , four months after russia orbited sputnik .
The 18 - pound satellite had a cylindrical shape and was 80 inches long and six inches in diameter .
The price range for 1 carat diamonds is between $ 3,080 and $ 26,950 per carat .
Round brilliant cut stones have a 6.5mm diameter .
1 carat diamonds are often sold because they make for great shoulder stones .
The story mode is a 16 chapter game mode in skylanders giants .
It can be played solo or co - op with one other friends .
Donatello 's bronze statue of david ( circa 1440s ) is famous as the first unsupported standing work of bronze cast during the renaissance , and the first freestanding nude male sculpture made since antiquity .
The iphone 6 will start at $ 199 ( with a contract ) , while the iphone 6 plus will start at $ 299 ( also with a contract ) .
Both devices will be released on friday , september 19 .
Buy a $ 15,000 car that averages 25 mpg , drive it for 3 years at 15,000 miles per year , and your average cost is about 60 per mile .
There are three major types of blood vessels : the arteries , which carry the blood away from the heart the capillaries , which enable the actual exchange of water and chemicals between the blood and the tissues and the veins , which carry blood from the capillaries back toward the heart .
It has been celebrated as a federal holiday every year since 1863 , when , during the civil war , president abraham lincoln proclaimed a national day of thanksgiving and praise to our beneficent father who dwelleth in the heavens , to be celebrated on the last thursday in november .
Asia is the most populous continent , with its 4.3 billion inhabitants accounting for 60 of the world population .
The world 's two most populated countries alone , china and india , together constitute about 37 of the world 's population .
It begins when your cervix starts to open ( dilate ) and ends when it is completely open ( fully dilated ) at 10 centimeters .
When the cervix dilates from 0 to 3 or 4 centimeters , contractions get stronger as time progresses .
In humans , the calcaneus ( klkenis from the latin calcaneus or calcaneum , meaning heel ) or heel bone is a bone of the tarsus of the foot which constitutes the heel .
In some other animals , it is the point of the hock .
Athlete 's foot ( tinea pedis ) is a fungal infection of the skin of the foot .
Most athlete 's foot is caused by one of two types of fungus .
The metropolitan museum of art was founded in 1870 .
The founders included businessmen and financiers , as well as leading artists and thinkers of the day , who wanted to open a museum to bring art and art education to the american people .
The average salary for security manager walt disney jobs is $ 63,000 .
Average security manager walt disney salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
James baldwin would attend dewitt clinton high school ( class of 1942 ) in the bronx .
At age fourteen he became a member of the pentecostal church in harlem where he began preaching at that time too .
The body is divided into a cephalothorax with six pairs of appendages , and an abdomen .
The first two pairs of appendages are used to kill and crush prey ( most arachnids being carnivorous ) the remaining four pairs are walking legs .
The numerical scores from each multiple - choice section are added together to give a composite score .
The maximum composite score is 45 .
According to the aamc , the average 2008 mcat score for u.s medical school applicants was 28.1p , while for matriculants it was 30.9p .
For the seventh consecutive year , a record low percentage of applicants received offers of admission to harvard college .
A total of 5.8 percent of 35,023 applicants were admitted to the class of 2017 , the university announced thursday .
How much it costs : $ 135 for a passport , $ 110 for a renewal , $ 105 for a minor ( under 16 ) , $ 55 for a passport card ( for entering the united states through land border crossings or sea ports - of - entry - - not for international travel via air ) .
Common carp are omnivorous .
They can eat a herbivorous diet of water plants , but prefer to scavenge the bottom for insects , crustaceans ( including zooplankton ) , crawfish , and benthic worms .
Python was conceived in the late 1980s and its implementation was started in december 1989 by guido van rossum at cwi in the netherlands as a successor to the abc programming language capable of exception handling and interfacing with the amoeba operating system .
About 8.1 grams , or about 64 percent , of the carbohydrates in strawberries consist of sugars .
This includes 0.8 grams of sucrose , 3.3 grams of glucose and four grams of fructose .
Federal regulations use the national average wage index to set the income limit for determining the sga each year .
In 2015 , the amount is $ 1,090 for disabled applicants and $ 1,820 for blind applicants .
For moderate wrist sprains , especially in professional or competitive athletes , the wrist may be immobilized in a splint or light cast for seven to 10 days .
If you have a significant wrist injury , you will need physical therapy as soon as symptoms allow .
The tower was completed in 1858 and had its 150th anniversary on 31 may 2009 , during which celebratory events took place .
The tower has become one of the most prominent symbols of the united kingdom and is often in the establishing shot of films set in london .
To lose weight - - about 1 pound a week - - reduce total calories in the chart by 500 a day .
Meth can still show positive for about 3 days on a saliva test.the hair drug test has the longest detection period with meth showing up about 7 days after the last use .
Dick hunsaker ( born april 11 , 1954 ) is an american college basketball coach and the former head men 's basketball coach at utah valley university .
He is also a former head and assistant coach at ball state university .
Uranus is more than 19 times farther from the sun than earth is .
Uranus is an average distance of 1,783,939,400 miles or 2,870,972,200 kilometers from the sun .
Because its orbit is elliptical , its distance from the sun changes depending on where it is in its orbit .
Part of the 1967 nhl expansion , the flyers were the first expansion team in the post - original six era to win the stanley cup , victorious in 197374 and again in 197475 .
Gemini is most compatible with leo , libra , aquarius and aries .
The gemini personality however is incompatible with cancer , virgo , scorpio , capricorn , pisces and taurus .
As a gemini though you can work well with another gemini and the sagittarius sign .
The capitania became independent in 1821 , and became a part of the first mexican empire until 1823 .
From 1824 it was a part of the federal republic of central america , until the republic dissolved in 1841 , when guatemala became fully independent .
The year 2008 was only one of many years hurricane have brought untold misery to haiti .
Hurricane jeanne of 2004 passed just north of the country as a tropical storm , dumping 13 inches of rains on the nation 's northern mountains .
A an appalachian trail thru - hike takes between five and seven months to complete the entire trail .
( about 20 percent of hikers who begin the trail will complete it .
The average salary for architect jobs in new york , ny is $ 94,000 .
Average architect salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
An xbox live gold account has an annual cost of us$ 59.99 , c$  59.99 , nz$  90.00 , gb 39.99 , or 59.99 .
As of january 5 , 2011 , xbox live has over 30 million subscribers .
It provided for fines for those who did not comply .
The provisions for posse comitatus were repealed by the criminal law act 1967 .
Presently there are over 441 militia groups active in the united states .
By far the largest group is the michigan militia which claims membership of over 10,000 with units in nearly all of michigan - s 88 counties .
Humans have two copies of chromosome 1 , as they do with all of the autosomes , which are the non - sex chromosomes .
Chromosome 1 spans about 249 million nucleotide base pairs , which are the basic units of information for dna .
Average cfo healthcare salaries .
The average salary for cfo healthcare jobs is $ 73,000 .
Average cfo healthcare salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Gel manicures are popular because they dont chip and they last at least twice as long as regular nail polish .
They range in price from $ 25 to $ 45 .
All u.s athletes can also earn a medal bonus from the u.s olympic committee for each medal won .
The committee pays american medal winners $ 25,000 for gold , $ 15,000 for silver , and $ 10,000 for bronze medals .
Some countries , though not all , pay athletes similar medal bonuses .
The custom of the christmas tree developed in early modern germany ( where it is today called weihnachtsbaum or christbaum or tannenbaum ) with predecessors that can be traced to the 16th and possibly 15th century , in which devout christians brought decorated trees into their homes .
The english clergyman stephen hales made the first published measurement of blood pressure in 1733 .
Descriptions of hypertension as a disease came among others from thomas young in 1808 and especially richard bright in 1836 .
The civil rights act of 1866 made blacks full u.s citizens ( and this repealed the dred scott decision ) .
In 1868 , the 14th amendment granted full u.s citizenship to african - americans .
Common names : sidewinder , horned rattlesnake , sidewinder rattlesnake , more .
Crotalus cerastes is a venomous pit viper species belonging to the genus crotalus ( rattlesnakes ) and found in the desert regions of the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
The nucleus is the largest cellular organelle in animal cells .
In mammalian cells , the average diameter of the nucleus is approximately 6 micrometres ( m ) , which occupies about 10 of the total cell volume .
Lucifer , portrayed by mark pellegrino and jared padalecki , is the second oldest archangel , the first fallen angel , in the fifth season of the series .
Ron l clark , jr ( born 1972 ) is an american educator who has worked with disadvantaged students in rural north carolina and new york city and founded the ron clark academy in atlanta , georgia .
Next year the penalty increases to $ 325 per adult or 2 percent of income , and in 2016 it will be the greater of $ 695 or 2.5 percent of income .
Average sports dietitian salaries .
The average salary for sports dietitian jobs is $ 61,000 .
Average sports dietitian salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
As a result of the sino-american alliance , mandarin chinese is a common second language it is used in advertisements , and characters in the show frequently use chinese words as curses .
Birds , skunks , armadillos , raccoons or moles are tearing up your lawn they eat grubs and are trying to uncover them .
These animals also dig and eat earthworms , so confirm grubs are present before pursuing any treatment .
The most recent spacecraft to fly to venus was esa s venus express .
It was launched on november 9th , 2005 , and took 153 days to make the journey to venus .
Unfortunately , the government imposes a 10 percent penalty on any withdrawals before age 59 1 2 .
Some early distributions qualify for a waiver of that penalty - - for instance hardships , higher education expenses and buying a first home .
We currently use frequencies in the 1900 mhz and 850 mhz ranges , although we have licenses to operate in other ranges .
With the purchase of alaska , negotiated by secretary seward , the united states acquired an area twice as large as texas , but it was not until the great klondike gold strike in 1896 that alaska came to be seen generally as a valuable addition to american territory .
It first appeared in print in 1881 , but it is reported that a version was already being sung to the current tune in the 1790s and similar rhymes are known from across europe .
It has a roud folk song index number of 7925 .
Cats , dogs , and many nocturnal creatures appear to have glowing eyes because the back of their eyeballs include a special reflective layer called the tapetum lucidum .
Missouri s minimum wage will rise in 2015 , but there will be no change in kansas .
Cost - of - living adjustments built into missouri s minimum wage law will push the state s wage floor up to $ 7.65 an hour on jan 1 .
The state s minimum has been $ 7.50 an hour in 2014 .
The minimum wage in kansas stays at $ 7.25 an hour .
60603 is a densely populated , upscale urban zip code in chicago , illinois .
The first around the world sailing record for circumnavigation of the world was juan sebastin elcano and the remaining members of ferdinand magellan 's crew who completed their journey in 1522 .
The first solo record was set by joshua slocum in the spray ( 1898 ) .
Starting between two to six hours following death , rigor mortis begins with the eyelids , neck , and jaw .
After reviewing 575 deaths , the project team found that at least 136 people died in shootings , were killed in accidents or committed suicide after failing to cross the wall .
The number of barrels was in dispute at the conclusion of the trial with bp arguing 2.5 million barrels were spilled over the 87 days the spill lasted , while the court contends 4.2 million barrels were spilled .
To accomplish this purpose , copyright ownership encourages authors creators in their efforts by granting them a temporary monopoly , or ownership of exclusive rights for a specified length of time .
The structure may seem complex , but all proteins are actually made up of around 21 different amino acids , just in many different combinations .
Every amino acid has the basic structure shown here consisting of carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen .
This could be called the backbone of the amino acid .
Examples of unsaturated fats are palmitoleic acid , oleic acid , myristoleic acid , linoleic acid , and arachidonic acid .
Foods containing unsaturated fats include avocado , nuts , and vegetable oils such as canola and olive oils .
Meat products contain both saturated and unsaturated fats .
Rickardsville is a city in dubuque county , iowa , united states .
The population was 182 at the 2010 census , down from 191 at the 2000 census .
However , two essential fatty acids cannot be made in the body and can be taken in the diet from plant foods .
These basic fats - linolenic and linoleic acid - are used to build specialized fats called omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids .
The length of the menstrual cycle varies from woman to woman , but the average is to have periods every 28 days .
Regular cycles that are longer or shorter than this , from 24 to 35 days , are normal .
Average radio jockey salaries .
The average salary for radio jockey jobs is $ 15,000 .
Average radio jockey salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
This salary was calculated using the average salary for all jobs with the term radio jockey anywhere in the job listing .
In chinese culture , the colors white ( bi s ) and black ( hi s ) are both associated with mourning and loss , and are therefore considered unlucky .
Black is never worn in celebrations or ceremonies , and people avoid decorating their home with anything black .
Hitched to a mighty rig that weighs 14 tons , del popolo begins serving neapolitan pies this spring from its 5,000 - pound oven .
This much muscle comes at a costover $ 180,000 in all .
The good news : del popolo is inimitable .
Dated may 26 , 1992 , he wrote : this is the actual baseball , hit by mookie wilson , which went between bill buckner s legs in the 10th inning of game 6 of the 1986 world series between the new york mets and the boston red sox at shea stadium flushing , new york .
Few species were originally considered to feed directly on seagrass leaves ( partly because of their low nutritional content ) , but scientific reviews and improved working methods have shown that seagrass herbivory is a highly important link in the food chain , with hundreds of species feeding on seagrasses worldwide , including green turtles , dugongs , manatees , fish , geese , swans , sea urchins and crabs .
It is estimated that 30,000 people in the u.s have als at any given time , with approximately 5,600 new cases diagnosed annually .
More than 5,000 people die from the disease each year .
Fremont is a town in wayne county , north carolina , united states .
The population was 1,255 at the 2010 census .
It is included in the goldsboro , north carolina metropolitan statistical area .
America is one of the world 's largest oil producers , and close to 40 percent of u.s oil needs are met at home .
Most of the imports currently come from five countries : canada , saudi arabia , mexico , venezuela and nigeria .
Desert kingdoms versus the great white north .
Update , 7.11.14 : effective july 1 , 2014 , there is a new special district in kansas .
The topeka crosswinds common community improvement district has a combined sales and use tax rate of 9.80 .
Egyptian magic s formula hearkens back to the legendary skin cream of cleopatra .
For thousands of years these six natural ingredients olive oil , beeswax , honey , propolis , bee pollen and royal jelly have been used to nourish and protect the skin .
Dividing cells had been observed almost forty years earlier by carl nageli , but he misinterpreted evidence of mitosis as something abnormal in the dead cells he 'd observed .
Flemming observed cell division in salamander embryos , where cells divide at fixed intervals .
Knee injuries are common in most sports .
Often , when a ligament is torn , other tears and strains accompany it .
Athletes who play soccer , field hockey , gymnastics , lacrosse , skiing , snowboarding and volleyball are most susceptible to acl injuries , while mcl injuries are commonly seen in hockey and wrestling .
The condition was first described in the medical literature by the american physician james b herrick in 1910 , and in the 1940s and 1950s contributions by nobel prize - winner linus pauling made it the first disease where the exact genetic and molecular defect was elucidated .
As well as their use within mathematics , complex numbers have practical applications in many fields , including physics , chemistry , biology , economics , electrical engineering , and statistics .
The italian mathematician gerolamo cardano is the first known to have introduced complex numbers .
Dick tracy is a 1990 american action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by chester gould .
Warren beatty produced , directed , and starred in the film , which features supporting roles from al pacino , charles durning , madonna , dustin hoffman , william forsythe , glenne headly , paul sorvino , dick van dyke , and charlie korsmo .
In many women , testosterone may have a direct effect on sex drive and sexual response .
Women taking testosterone may have more sexual thoughts , fantasies , activity , and satisfaction.5 .
If i were a boy was written by bc jean and toby gad it is the opening ballad of the i am .
Disc of the double album i am .
Sasha fierce .
He invented the sport of basketball in 1891 .
It will then travel down the esophagus and into the stomach by the action of peristalsis .
Gastric juice in the stomach starts protein digestion .
Gastric juice mainly contains hydrochloric acid and pepsin .
Philip marshall , a veteran airline captain and former government special activities contract pilot has authored three books on top secret america , a group presently conducting business as the united states intelligence community .
Most staggeringly , over 100 hours of video are now uploaded to youtube each and every minute .
One year ago on this day , that figure stood at 72 hours per minute ( it was 48 hours in 2011 ) .
In 2009 , shapeways employed over 90 people .
The headquarters is located in new york with offices in eindhoven and seattle .
Shapeways is a spin - out of the lifestyle incubator of royal philips electronics .
Measured also as a four - year metric , the graduation success rate for the most recent four graduating classes of all division i student - athletes ( entering college between 2003 - 2006 ) climbed to 81 percent .
The show is taped at sable ranch in canyon country , santa clarita , california , about 40 miles north of los angeles .
The show holds a tv-pg l rating for mild language by participants and some crude humor .
Edward craven walker ( 4 july 1918 15 august 2000 ) was the inventor of the psychedelic astro lamp , also known as the lava lamp .
He was the founder of mathmos .
The foods you eat can play a role in keeping your colon healthy , reducing your risk of developing gastrointestinal disorders such as constipation , diverticulosis or colon cancer .
Foods such as vegetables , fruits and fish have a positive effect on colon health .
The hialeah park race track is one of the oldest existing recreational facilities in southern florida .
Preservation of food in tin cans was patented by peter durand in 1810 .
The patent was acquired in 1812 by bryan donkin , who had later set up the world 's first canning factory in london in 1813 .
The average salary for dairy farmer jobs is $ 50,000 .
Average dairy farmer salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Average temperatures in barcelona , spain .
The annual mean temperature in barcelona , spain is very mild at 15.3 degrees celsius ( 59.6 degrees fahrenheit ) .
Mean monthly temperatures vary by 14.2 c ( 25.6 f ) which is a low range .
The variation range of daily mean temperatures is 6.7 c ( 12 f ) .
The typical salary for a lebanon school district teacher ranges from $ 41,721 - $ 45,128 , with an average salary of $ 43,425 .
Salary estimates based on 1 salary submitted anonymously to glassdoor by lebanon school district teacher employees .
Salaries by job .
It is primarily nocturnal and spends most of the day in its den .
Of the six species of quoll , four are found in australia and two in new guinea .
Another two species are known from fossil remains in pliocene and pleistocene deposits in queensland .
For apple , $ 1 billion in pure profit is nice , but it 's not much considering the company made $ 13 billion in profits last quarter .
However , the number of new u.s millionaires did fall after the market crash .
At the end of 2011 there were just over 5.1 million millionaires in the united states - - 165,360 fewer than in 2007 .
Ready to get your bait and tackle out for another season of fishing? walleye season in new york begins on the first saturday in may .
Were featuring one of new york s best walleye spots , oneida lake .
Overall , the top earners in ob gyn work in a group practice ( either single - specialty or multispecialty ) or are hospital employees , with median salaries ranging from $ 240,000 - $ 250,000 per year .
For a year armstrong played in fletcher henderson 's band in new york on many recordings .
After playing in new york , armstrong returned to chicago , playing in large orchestras there he created his most important early recordings .
The ball eventually loses momentum and falls onto the wheel and into one of 37 ( in french european roulette ) or 38 ( in american roulette ) colored and numbered pockets on the wheel .
That could be pork s new slogan after the united states department of agriculture on tuesday said it was lowering its safe cooking temperature to 145 degrees , from the longtime standard of 160 .
Schwann cells make myelin in the peripheral nervous system ( pns : nerves ) and oligodendrocytes in the central nervous system ( cns : brain and spinal cord ) .
In the pns , one schwann cell forms a single myelin sheath ( figure 1a ) .
Latvia ( ratobia ) , is a character in the series hetalia : axis powers .
In 2008 , himaruya gave out human names to some of the characters and latvia received the name raivis galante ( raivisu garante ) .
Most teens need about 8 to more than 9 hours of sleep each night .
Getting the right amount of sleep is essential for anyone who wants to do well on a test or play sports without stumbling .
Unfortunately , though , many teens don't get enough sleep .
Elizabeth is the pirate - obsessed daughter of weatherby swann , the governor of port royal in the caribbean .
Elizabeth is portrayed by actress keira knightley and the younger elizabeth ( seen in flashbacks ) is played by lucinda dryzek .
29212 is a suburban zip code in columbia , south carolina .
For most people , treatment of patellar tendinitis begins with physical therapy to stretch and strengthen the muscles around the knee .
Northern cardinals lay three or four pale green eggs , with brown spots .
The female does most of the incubating ( sitting on the eggs ) , but the male helps when he isn't looking for food .
Eggs hatch in about 12 days .
So , the publicly held debt has grown by $ 4.61 trillion , and the gross debt has grown by $ 5.05 trillion .
Thus it s certainly correct that the national debt has grown by about $ 5 trillion under obama .
State insect .
The ladybug , also known as the ladybird and the lady beetle , is hereby designated as the official state insect of new hampshire .
The total cost to have a concrete retaining wall installed will be a combination of material and labor prices .
For a basic wall you can expect to pay between $ 30 and $ 40 per square foot .
For students that did not qualify for the regular cal grant a , this award is available , but not guaranteed , to all that meet the minimum eligibility requirements .
The student must have a minimum gpa of 3.0 and be from a low to middle income family .
In simple terms , the u.s armed forces are made up of the five armed service branches : air force , army , coast guard , marine corps , and navy .
Chrysler has stopped allowing employees to share their employee discount price on the purchase or lease of a new vehicle with friends and extended family , the detroit free press has learned .
The discount typically is about 5 below the factory invoice price .
Hugh taylor birch aug 2 1848 - 1943 chicago attorney hugh taylor birch was the son of erastis mitchell and sally ( milligan ) birch .
He was married to maria sophronia root on june 1 , 1876 in new york .
Day of the dead is a holiday celebrated throughout the americas and combines ancient indigenous traditions and modern fanfare .
It 's a whimsical and yet serious holiday that primarily takes place between october 31st and november 2nd .
Subscribers on time warner 's cable 's most popular internet plan began paying $ 3.95 a month last november to lease a modem .
The fee will rise to $ 5.99 a month starting in the next billing cycle for customers .
As such , catholicism became an integral part of the management and administration of brazil and its people .
Many of the brazilian festivals are based on the catholic religion .
The breeding habitat of the great horned owl extends high into the subarctic of north america , where they are found up to the northwestern and southern mackenzie mountains , keewatin , ontario , northern manitoba , fort chimo in ungava , okak , newfoundland and labrador , anticosti island and prince edward island .
Kevin bacon and kyra sedgwick just bought an architectural house for $ 2.5 million in los angeles .
Does this mean the hollywood couple are moving from their upper west side manhattan home of two decades? hard to say .
The steam shovel was invented by william otis , who received a patent for his design in 1839 .
Its highest elevation is 5,712 feet ( 1,741 m ) in colorado .
The highest point of black mesa within new mexico is 5,266 feet ( 1,605 m ) .
In northwestern cimarron county , oklahoma , black mesa reaches 4,973 feet ( 1,516 m ) , the highest point in the state of oklahoma .
When you have been injured in an accident at work , you have two years to file a claim with the ohio bureau of workers ' compensation ( bwc ) .
The bwc processes applications for workers ' compensation and will issue a decision regarding your case within 28 days of filing .
Mini ( styled as mini ) is a british automotive marque owned by bmw which specialises in small cars .
It 's a huge circle , and the speed with which the sun has to move is an astounding 483,000 miles per hour ( 792,000 km hr ) ! the earth , anchored to the sun by gravity , follows along at the same fantastic speed .
If your knives have gotten very dull youll have to run through the wufthof sharpener several times.also i know that a lot of the smaller hardware stores ( think really small like fishers in springfield or the one on broad street in falls church across from irelands 4 p ' s ) do sharpening or can at least recommend someone .
These ingredients include fudge , vanilla creme , and other sweeteners .
The history of chocolate cake goes back to 1764 , when dr james baker discovered how to make chocolate by grinding cocoa beans between two massive circular millstones .
The average salary for brand ambassador jobs is $ 40,000 .
Average brand ambassador salaries can vary greatly due to company , location , industry , experience and benefits .
Automobiles ettore bugatti was a french car manufacturer of high-performance automobiles , founded in 1909 in the then german city of molsheim , alsace by italian - born ettore bugatti .
The irs has a two - tiered filing fee structure .
Most organizations pay the standard $ 850 filing fee when sending their application to the irs .
Organizations that expect to have ( or have had ) no more than $ 40,000 in gross revenue for the first four years combined can pay a reduced filing fee of $ 400 .
When the bronx zoo first opened its gates to the public in 1899 , william mckinley was in the white house , the first city subway line was being dug , and the paperclip had just been patented .
Diet : all rhinoceros beetles are herbivorous .
The adults feed on fruit , nectar , and sap .
The larvae eat decaying plant matter .
Evanston is a suburban city in cook county , illinois , united states , 12 miles ( 19 km ) north of downtown chicago , bordered by chicago to the south , skokie to the west , and wilmette to the north , with a population of 74,486 as of 2010 .
Is the arch moving? the arch is designed to sway as much as 18 inches , and can withstand an earthquake , however under normal conditions the arch does not sway .
Nazi germany made increasingly aggressive territorial demands , threatening war if they were not met .
It seized austria and czechoslovakia in 1938 and 1939 .
Hitler made a pact with joseph stalin and invaded poland in september 1939 , launching world war ii in europe .